+++
title = "Christmas Conference!"
date = "2016-12-19"
tags = ["Elder McFarlane", "Phoenix", "South Mountain Ward"]
banner = "banners/2016_12_19_0.jpg"
+++

This week was another good one, as always! Christmas is just one week
away, pretty crazy. This week we had Christmas Conference, so we got
together as a mission and enjoyed the season, it was fun. Our zone
even got awards from the city of Phoenix for service!

Monday night we actually were struggling a little bit to find anyone
to teach. We ended up having a family home evening at a members house
though that went really well. Som investigators form the sisters zone
were there and they are on track to get baptized! So, we helped the
sisters out a little bit haha.

Tuesday was actually a really cool day! We knocked o pm this new
lady's door, and at first she was just looking out the door half way
and said she wasn't interested. We kept talking to her and asking
questions though, by the end she came out and invited us back! She has
an awesome family too! Then we talked to this guy Frank and his son
Frank haha. They are cool and he runs a religious class that helps
people get through divorce. We share a lot of the same beliefs it's
really cool, the problem is he is always working. At night we had
another lesson with Manuel, and he is still good to go for his
baptism!

Wednesday was the first day of Christmas Conference, so the whole
mission met in the morning for some activities. We went up to south
mountain, and they brought a bunch of stuff, like a basketball hoop,
corn hole, 4 square, jump rope, etc. Each zone competed in the
different events, and we ended up winning at basketball (obviously)
and corn hole. They only let each zone win one though, but we know
what really happened haha. We went out and worked at night, and
thought Manuel again. Still a baller.

Thursday Was day two of Christmas Conference, also a good day! We woke
up at 5 and went to the Phoenix temple! It's an absolutely beautiful
temple, and as always the spirit was really strong. I always love
going to the temple! Then we met the mission at the Gilbert Temple to
take a mission picture. Also a very beautiful temple! Then we went to
the church and had a dinner and talent show. It was pretty funny, each
zone had to do a talent. I'll try to get the video of ours. Overall
just a good night!

Friday was just a regular day, but at the same time not a regular day
haha. We had a pretty average afternoon, just spreading the word and
what not. At night though, we taught like a whole neighborhood at
once. All these kids were just outside chilling, so we got them all
together and showed "Gracias a el" or "Because of him" it was pretty
cool. There was legit like 15 kids.

Saturday was a cool day too. We finally met this family that we have
been looking for since I got here! They were leaving for a party, but
we basically just stopped them and had a 30min lesson haha. We will
see what comes of it, but he kids are definitely ready to be baptized
so I hope we keep contact with them! Definitely a miracle though! Then
we met some lady that had missionaries coming to visit her then they
just stopped randomly, but now we're back haha.

Sunday was also a really cool day, every day is cool though. Your boi
Manuel came to church again! And he is chill with like all the members
it's great. Then we met a new family in the afternoon! At night we had
another miracle! We showed up at an investigators house, and she had
her Mormon family over haha. They are inactive, but they were baptized
and had testimonies of the restoration. Her sister was committing her
to read the Book of Mormon haha, it was sick! And that might help this
other family get back to church, I really hope so!

As you can see this week was pretty solid. I'm definitely blessed to
be a missionary and get to help people come unto Christ! I hope
everyone has a great Christmas! I'm excited to talk to the fam, that
will be awesome. I love you all, and miss you too! Have a great
holiday!