+++
title = "Another week down"
date = "2016-10-17"
tags = ["Elder Carrillo", "South Phoenix", "Aguila Ward", "Edwin", "Jose"]
menu = ""
banner = "banners/2016_10_17_0.JPG"
+++

Another  week down! Time really flies out here on the mission. It was another good week, and some interesting things happened.

On Monday night we went to the Mesa Temple visitors center with
Edwin, a returned missionary who has gone inactive. He's super funny
and always making jokes, which is cool, but he never really takes
things seriously. We watched the Restoration video, which is all about
Joseph Smith and what he went through restoring the church. It was
really cool, and after Edwin started talking about when he decided to
be baptized. He remember the spirit that he felt at that time that
confirmed the truth of the restoration to him, it was awesome!

Tuesday was another regular day, just trying to find more people to
teach. Also, my companion is the district leader so there was some
stuff he had to take care of that took some time. I'm glad I'm not a
leader of any kind yet haha. We did have an encounter with us guy that
just walked in to the church on a Tuesday wondering if we were doing bible study.  It was funny, but this guy is really looking for the
truth. We told him when church was on Sunday and he said he would try
to go, I hope he likes it!

Wednesday I went on exchanges with Elder Lopez, who came out to AZ the
same day as me. We were just a couple of greenies out preaching the
word haha. It was really fun though! He knows Spanish and English
fluently cause he was born in Mexico, so at least one of us could
speak Spanish.  We actually found some new people and set up
return appointments, so maybe something will come of that! We also
talked to Jose Lopez again and he said we could come back! We could
actually be companions in the future that would be cool.

Thursday was kind of a slow day as far as finding people who are
actually interested. Some times it's hard to find people, actually
that's most of the time haha. There are a lot of Catholics here with
the Virgin Mary statues outside and stuff like that. Usually they
aren't too interested in hearing us out. It's either that or they
just aren't home, but we still are finding people most days!

Friday was fairly similar to Thursday, just trying to find. We had an
appointment scheduled with Jose, the guy who told us to stop coming
but now apparently wanted us to come back, but he wasn't there. It's
all good though cause we met Esperanza who is awesome and she seems interested! Also, that night there was a ward "family home evening" activity that we went to with Rene. That was fun and we got to teach Rene a little after too, he still just gets everything so fast it's
awesome.

Saturday was a pretty weird day. We had two appointments fall through
in the morning which is a bummer, but then we were free that
afternoon. We ended up going to José Luis's house to see if we could
catch him, and he was home! He told us that something was telling him
to stay home that day, but he didn't know why, then we showed up! The
Spirit provides! We ended up talking to this guy for 3 hours! He is
going to read the Book of Mormon and pray about it, he said "there is
a reason why you guys came today" in Spanish haha. So sick!

Sunday was cool because there was a New Convert Devotional (NCD) where people who have recently been baptized speak and all the missionaries bring their investigators. It was really good the new converts really brought the spirit and you could feel how happy they were that they
found the church! We took Edwin, and I'm pretty sure he is starting to
come back a little bit, he went to church! All and all it was a good
Sunday!

There you have it haha. I'm looking forward to another week! Still
trying to get the Spanish down, but it's coming. I've never been know
to talk to much so it's kind of hard to force myself to talk so I can
practice haha. Anyway, hope you guys have a great week! Love you all!

Also here are some sick pictures from on top of the mountain! We went
this morning!

Love,
Elder Folkman