+++
title = "It finally happened!"
date = "2016-09-26"
tags = ["Elder Carrillo", "South Phoenix", "Aguila Ward", "Fernando and Adilene", "chocolate cake", "Rene", "Jose"]
menu = ""
banner = "banners/2016_09_26_0.JPG"
+++

Yo! How's everyone doin?! It's been another good week out in AZ! Hope
it was the same for everyone else! I guess I'll jump into what
happened!

Tuesday we met a lot of people that we are going to teach this next
week so we will see how that goes! As far as people we actually saw,
there was one lady that talked to us for like an hour in her doorstep
haha. Not going to lie I couldn't understand like half of the
conversation. But it's awesome how people open up to us. Everyone can
connect to this message because we all go through challenges. It's
awesome when we can help people through them! Then later that night we
taught a couple, Fernando and Adilene, about the plan of salvation.
Everything just clicked and they really liked it! Then we invited them
to be baptized and they said they wanted to! So sick we are going to
see them next week!

Wednesday it finally happened. I was offered chocolate cake by a
member. And I ate it. It was okay actually haha. Wouldn't say it was
my favorite thing in the world but I can eat it haha. That night we
taught Rene! His family was also there and we taught his Dad and Him
about the plan of salvation! At the end I actually invited them to be
baptized! First time! Somehow the dad actually said he would if he
understood more. That's a start! Rene was all for it its just a matter
of time with him!

Thursday we got to go the Mesa Temple and the visitors center! It was
so cool! The visitors center is an awesome place to take people who
are interested in the Gospel. It explains everything so simply and
powerfully. Also the Spirit is so strong! Then we had a fun lesson
about the 10 commandments with a part member family that went really
well, and they say there going to go to church!

Friday we had some meeting and just went to find more people! We set
up some appointment so that was good. Kind of a long day, but the
members bought us pizza so it was all good haha.

Saturday we met this guy Jose who was really not interested at first,
than we shared Alma 32 with him and it just made so much sense to him.
He said that he felt the spirit and he totally understood everything.
He is excited for us to come back! Let's go! So awesome.

Saturday was good as always. Church is just so necessary at the end of
the week haha. Gotta get that spiritual recharge! The rest of the day
we tried to find more people! That's a typical theme haha. It's good
though next week is full of appointments!

That's about it from me, I'm excited for another week! Love you guys!
Good luck in whatever it is your doing!