+++
title = "3 Months!!"
date = "2016-11-07"
tags = ["Elder McFarlane", "Phoenix", "South Mountain Ward"]
menu = ""
banner = "banners/2016_11_07_0.jpg"
+++

¡Hola! ¿Cómo están? Espero que todo esté bien! Anyway this week has
been another good one! Lots of cool experiences for sure! I'll just
get right into it.

Monday was Halloween, so we weren't allowed to go proselyting at
night. So, we had a full p-day where we just stayed at home after 6.
It was pretty chill honestly haha. We got to play some mafia and uno,
you know the classics. It was good to be able to relax a little bit!

Tuesday was awesome! The first guy we met, his name was Guillermo, was
super cool! It's funny because we went looking for another
investigator and it turns out that he just lied to us about his
address, but then we met Guillermo. He was just chilling outside so we
got to talking, and at first he said he didn't believe in established
religion. Then we just hit him with the spirit and he actually said if
he felt he was true he would be baptized! Then we met Sandra and her
family, super chill! She accepted to prepare for the 26 of November to
be baptized! Finished off the night by teaching this guy Manuel, who
is a bro and takes off work to meet with us! He is working towards
December 10th for his baptism!

Wednesday was another really cool day. We ended up teaching 6 lessons
in total and finding lots of new people to teach! We found this one
lady who didn't seem interested at all, and she had like 10 different
Virgin Mary statues in her living room. That didn't stop us though
haha, we shared this video called "Gracias a Él" all about Jesus
Christ and what he did for us and then the whole mood changed once she
felt the spirit! Then we went by the neighbors house and shared the
same video, and it turned out that this lady, Monica, had been meeting
with the missionaries before and didn't know why they stopped coming!
After that we went over and taught these two kids, and I was actually
teaching the Dad of one of them in my other area, they are really
cool. The. We had three other lessons with a new family we met, a
really nice lady, and this old guy who calls the commandment
"commanders"! Pretty fun night!

Thursday was kind of a slower day, but still good. We ended up finding
two new families that have potential, the only problem is that they
say they are always working! That's a pretty typical excuse haha. I
guess it's a little weird to make time to meet with a couple a white
kids haha. Anyway we are going to keep working with them and trying to
get in contact with them!

Friday I went on exchanges with Elder Patton! He was a missionary in
Guatemala for 9 months then got sick, and is now here! He has some
pretty crazy stories about life down there, makes me glad to be in the
states haha. But it would be cool to experience another culture like
that. Anyway he is a sick missionary especially at contacting, cause
that's all they did down there. He just has no fear when talking to
people, something I haven't been known to have haha. Learned a lot
though! Also we set up a soccer night for the ward so we went to that
and got to play! We  showed them that Gringos can play fútbol too
haha.

Saturday was good too! Highlights of the day were the plan of
salvation video and our lesson with Manuel. We have had a really hard
time setting up appointments with Emilio, so we made a series of
videos explaining the plan of salvation! Haven't sent it to him yet,
but I'm sure he will love it! Then at night we met up with Manuel, and
taught him about keeping the sabbath day holy and the law of the fast!
He is going to fast next week about his baptism!

Sunday was a tad bit disappointing because none of our investigators
went to church. You know how it goes sometimes though. We are going to
work hard to get them there next time! That's about it though from the
week! Hope you guys are all loving life and doing well! Love you all!
Have a good one!

Elder Folkman
