+++
title = "Everyone Go To The Temple Lights! Quick!"
date = "2016-12-12"
tags = ["Elder McFarlane", "Phoenix", "South Mountain Ward"]
banner = "banners/2016_12_12_0.jpg"
+++

What's good everyone! It's your boy Elder Folkman again! This week has
been kind of crazy cause we had Transfers and what not. I'm staying in
Phoenix with Elder McFarlane for another transfer! We had a good week
this week, the Christmas season is awesome!

Monday night was kind of hectic, cause we had to pick up a missionary
coming in from Mexico, Elder Blanco. He was serving over there for
like 6 months waiting for his visa but will be finishing his mission
here. He is companions with Elder Patton, so he will be living in our
apartment! What was also cool about Monday night is that Elder and
Sister Leishman, who dropped off Elder Blanco, gave us 40 dollars and
we got Chipotle! It was so good, it had been too long.

Tuesday was also weird because we had to drop Elder Blanco off at the
mission home so he could be with the new missionaries. That also meant
that we were a trio for the day with Elder Patton. We split the time
going to each others areas, so it was hectic again. We did reconnect
with some long lost investigators though, it was a good day!

Wednesday was the first temple lights trip of the week! It was super
cool, and even cooler because we brought Jesús! He had a bad
experience at the visitors center like 3 years ago, so hopefully this
helped him forget about that! It's crazy how many lights there are
too, everyone needs to go to their nearest temple and check them out!
Make sure to visit the visitors center when you go too, there is
definitely a unique and powerful feeling of the spirit in there!

Thursday we had a miracle happen!! Manuel is going to get baptized on
the 23rd!! Insane stuff. We had a lesson about baptism and he said he
is finally ready to do it. We set the date for the 23rd and he said he
was going to do it for sure, he isn't the kind of guy to commit to
things either! It was crazy, we really just have to be the instruments
in the hands of our Heavenly Father and he does all the work. I'm so
happy for Manuel, and I know that his Heavenly Father is too!

Friday I had the craziest lesson in my mission by far. We taught a
family who has a turtle and a new born puppy. The kids were just going
crazy and handing us the turtle and the puppy! I was literally holding
a puppy as I was trying to teach this lady haha. Then one of the kids
just chucked the turtle across the yard! It was actually insane and we
had a member with us, he was just as confused as us haha. I kind of
feel bad for those poor animals. Also Manuel came to soccer!

Saturday in the morning we actually had success finding some new
people! We will see what happens with them in the future, I have
faith! Then we went to the temple lights with our ward st night. It
was packed cause it was Saturday night, but then we went and had hot
chocolate and donuts at the church! It was good, and one of the
investigators in our area came. We haven't taught them a lot, but
maybe they will open up more now!

Sunday was great because Manuel came to church! He really is serious
about his baptism! It was really cool! Then we had some good lessons
at night too. We had our man Sabino go out with us, he is our good
luck charm.

Christmas is just around the corner and my birthday too! I'm going to
be 20, that's a little weird honestly. I'm basically an old man now.
Anyway, make sure you go to the Christmas lights at the temple before
it's too late! Hope you guys are enjoying this Christmas season and
our remembering the Savior! Have a great week, love you all!