+++
title = "August 26, 2016"
date = "2016-08-26"
tags = ["MTC"]
menu = ""
banner = "banners/2016_08_26_0.JPG"
+++

Hey! Hope everything is going well for everybody. Life in Mexico is still awesome! The weeks are just flying by, I have already been gone for almost a month. Crazy. Only like 2 more weeks until I head back to the states to teach the people of Arizona!

So on Saturday I spent almost the whole day in the Hospital with Elder Neddo, but I got to take him back to the MTC so he is good now! The hospital is actually super nice, apparently its like one of the best in Mexico so that was good. It was extremely difficult to communicate with the people though haha. The talk so fast! and they were talking about all this medical stuff, it was hilarious and frustrating haha. I had to get his insurance stuff figured out and i'm pretty sure the people were just laughing at me the whole time cause I had zero idea what they were saying, but I got it done haha.

Sundays are always chill because we get to go to church and have movie night. We got to watch a video about the life of Jesus Christ, and it was awesome. He spent his whole life in the service of others and performed miracles, but the people still rejected him. He suffered for our sins and sorrows so that we could repent and turn to him in times of need. I feel so blessed to know my Savior personally, and I wish that everyone could know what that feels like. Thats why im out here! I'm so excited to get out there and tell people all about Him!

Monday was just another day in the office, lots of studying and practicing. It was a good day but nothing really exciting happened. I feel like most of the days are like that now that i've been here for so long haha.

Tuesday was pizza and devotional night, also we got two more districts in our zone. New people always come in on Tuesdays and its crazy to think back to when I got here. We also had a devotional and it was pretty good, I stayed strong and didn't fall asleep haha. I'm going to be honest I don't remember the name of the speaker, but his message was to work hard and the Lord will bless you. I'm going to need to remember that out in the field. That night my companion, Elder Barfuss, asked me to give him a priesthood blessing so that was cool. It was my first one so I didn't really know what to expect but it turned out really good and I could fell the Spirit there.

Wednesday was interesting because two Elders in my district got sick. Apparently there was a bunch of people getting flu like symptoms and they think it was because of the pizza haha. One of the Elders was Elder Neddo, so I felt bad because he just got back from appendicitis. They are feeling better now though so thats good.

Thursday was also fairly uneventful haha, but this morning we got to go to Temple again so that was sick. Being able to go there with all the Elders and Hermanas is just so cool.  The felling in the Temple is like none other, such a blessing.

That´s about it for my week. Things are still going good out here, and the spanish is coming. We have days of trying to speak only spanish and its really hard but kind of fun. I guess people are starting up school pretty soon, so I hope that goes well for everyone! Until next week!

Love,
Elder Folkman