+++
title = "Christmas and Baptisms!!"
date = "2016-12-26"
tags = ["Elder McFarlane", "Phoenix", "South Mountain Ward"]
banner = "banners/2016_12_26_0.jpg"
+++

This week was awesome! I really loved being a missionary during this
holiday season, and being able to remember my Savior more than ever!
It's been lots of fun, and of course it was awesome to talk to the
fam! I hope everyone else had a great Christmas and were able to spend
it with family and friends!

This Tuesday was super fun haha. I was on splits with Elder Blanco, an
Elder from Mexico who speaks minimal English, and we ended up riding
the bikes! It was crazy because we kept meeting people who only spoke
English, which is usually kind of rare. At night though we had a ward
party, and Manuel passed his baptismal interview! Great day!

Wednesday was also fun because we went Christmas Caroling to
investigators! They actually really enjoyed it, and we definitely did
too! Sometimes just stopping by and surprising people with something
nice means the most to them, it's crazy. Also it was my birthday, so a
family in the ward got me a chocolate cake! I ate it don't worry haha.

Thursday was kind of crazy cause we had a meeting all the way up until
dinner. Then we went our caroling again! We stopped by Manuel's and he
really liked it, and was even recording it on his phone! He was also
pumped for his baptism on Friday!

Friday was the day of the baptism, so it was kind of stressful haha.
Also, there was a family having a baptism the same day and had the
room reserved for like a month. Turns out our ward clerk never checked
if the font was reserved haha. Anyway, we had to call the guy and he
was super nice and let us use the room right after him, still super
stressful though. When it finally came time everything went perfectly!
They even did the confirmation right there because Sunday was going to
be Christmas! It was awesome, I'm super excited for Manuel and this
new life he is starting!

Christmas Eve was awesome we went around wishing everyone a merry
Christmas and sharing quick lessons about Jesus Christ, kind of like
everyday actually haha. We had Christmas Eve dinner at a members, then
we went home for the night because we couldn't proselyte. Pretty
awesome day.

Christmas was even better! At church they had a Christmas program that
was really nice, and helped everyone remember the birth of Jesus
Christ. We also couldn't proselyte on Christmas so we went home and
got to rest until we called home! It was amazing to get to FaceTime
with my family! I absolutely love them, and it reminded me of the
reason why I'm out here, to bring family's to Christ. I couldn't be
more grateful for my family and that we have the gospel that brings us
together.

To end this Christmas season I wanted to leave you with my testimony.
I know that Jesus Christ lives and loves us, I know that we have a
loving Heavenly Father that wants the best for us, and I know that
everything can be made right by following them. Merry a Christmas to
everyone! I love you guys so much! Have a great New Years and start
2017 off right!