+++
title = "September 2, 2016"
date = "2016-09-02"
tags = ["MTC"]
menu = ""
banner = "banners/2016_09_02_0.JPG"
+++

Whats up everyone?? Its crazy that I have been here for a month already, and its crazier that I'm going to be leaving for AZ soon. I´m super excited! Hope everything is going well for everyone in school and what not. I'm glad I don't have to worry about that haha.

I had another good week in Mexico trying to learn Spanish and how to teach people haha. I would say my Spanish is improving, but its definitely a process. I see some kids that are about to leave here that are worse than me, so that gives me hope haha. Anyway, on Saturday nothing happened that was too interesting, but we did practice to sing Come, Come Ye Saints in Spanish on Sunday and that was fun, its a great song.

On Sunday we sang it and I think it went well! Also, I didnt get called on to speak so that was clutch. Church was really great as always, just what I need to get pumped for the next week. Then, we had devotional and movie night. I cant really remember the name of the speaker, but he talked about specific prayer. He told us this story of how he told a girl to pray that the man who she was supposed to marry would call her at 1:15 am and tell her to marry him. So, she did it, and it actually worked! The guy called her at 1:15 and then they ended up getting married, pretty crazy stuff. Im definitely going to try out specific prayer, ill let you know how it goes haha.

Monday was a little more interesting this week! We are now teaching the other people in our district as fake investigators and I get to be an investigator too. Its a real eye open to how it feels being taught by missionaries. Also, you learn alot about what works and what doesnt, and how to make lessons that will actually help people. Thats the real goal out here, to help people! Hopefully I can do that in Arizona!

Tuesday was another good pizza day. Also I sang in the choir, and we sang the EFY medley in Spanish. It was pretty sick. Sadly it was the last time ill be able to do choir before i´m gone. Then we had a devotional about obedience, and the blessings it brings. Obedience is worth it! haha. Also, we defended our reputation as the undefeated kickball team, no big deal.

Wednesday was another good day of studying and stuff. For some reason I just kept thinking about chick-fil-a haha, I miss that place. Hopefully I can get some in like two weeks when im in back in the states. My teacher Hermana Martinez, who served her mission in California, says she misses chick-fil-a too haha.

Thursday was super fun cause we finally got to play some Soccer. They have this awesome caged in court. We played against some Latinos that were pretty good. They made a rule that they had to score two goals to win instead of one haha. We still lost. Im going to blame that one on my team though haha.

So now its Friday and I have P-Day which means that we basically have the whole day free. Its so nice. Im looking forward to another week! Miss you guys!

Love,
Elder Folkman