+++
title = "Two Months"
date = "2016-10-03"
tags = ["Elder Carrillo", "South Phoenix", "Aguila Ward", "Fernando and Adilene", "Rene", "Jose"]
menu = ""
+++

Can't even believe it's been two months! Everyone tells you it's going
to go fast, but dang it's flying. Everyone's tellin me it only gets
faster too. Anyway this week was way good because it was
conference weekend! Definitely check out all of the talks if you
didn't get to hear them!

Monday night we had two lessons with some investigators that are
actually progressing, or so we thought. The first  was with Jose,
and the Spirit was so strong, and he was determined to pray about
Joseph Smith and the Book of Mormon! I'll just go ahead and tell the
story about him... It's kinda sad but we kinda lost contact with him
after that lesson, so we went over to his house. We saw him and
started talking, eventually he was in tears because he wanted to
change so bad. Thought that was going to be what he needed to keep
going but then he Facebook messaged us and told us to stop coming
basically :( I just learned that some people aren't ready, but we
definitely planted a seed that maybe some other missionaries can build
on later!

Also that night we taught this young couple, Fernando and Adilene who
have a 1 year old boy. It was way good and they also want to pray and
are reading the Book of Mormon! We have plans to go to the temple
visitors center with them tonight! I'll let you know how it goes!

Tuesday was a lot of trying to find more people to teach. We found
some potentials but I can't really tell right now how interested they
are. I have definitely noticed that Hispanics are super nice and will
pretty much never decline your coming over unless they had a bad
experiences before. That's nice but that also means that we meet with
a lot of people who aren't really interested just because they are
nice. It's still awesome to meet knew people and hear their stories
though!

Wednesday we found two new investigators who are both named Jose.
There are lots of them out here haha. Hopefully we can start talking
more to them! The real highlight was our lesson with the Fuentes
family, and Rene. Rene is set to be baptized next Saturday! It's
pretty real but we have to have lots of lessons with him, so we have
been trying to catch them at home. Wednesday night we finally had a
lesson and it was really good. Rene is reading the Book of Mormon and
knows the Joseph Smith story from memory! He's awesome! Hopefully
he'll be baptized next week!

Thursday was kind of slow, we found one guy named Felix that's about
it. But, we did have an awesome lunch at this place called fire pie!
It's a lot like MOD pizza but better, you can just make your own pizza
with whatever you want on it! So good!

Friday was kind of rough. We just didn't have too much success
finding or teaching people. Those days are the longest, but even still
we have fun! Our purpose is just to invite, we can't force people to
listen too us, and not everyone is ready to hear. So all in all Friday
was a good day.

Saturday and Sunday were conference days! I really felt Like this is one of the best conferences I've heard! Maybe it's just because I was
paying attention this time. I would say my favorite talk was Elder Bednar's. It really made me think about my relationship with
Jesus Christ, because sometimes we know a lot about Him but we don't
really know Him. I've come to know Him more as I tell people about Him
for sure. It's crazy how everyone that we talk to needs the a Gospel
in their life. Maybe it's because literally everyone needs it! I'm
just so blessed to know my Savior!

That's about it! Hope everyone is doing good. I miss you all, but also
am lovin life out here! Have a good week!

Love,
Elder Folkman