+++
title = "Miracles!!"
date = "2016-11-22"
tags = ["Elder McFarlane", "Phoenix", "South Mountain Ward"]
menu = ""
banner = "banners/2016_11_22_0.jpg"
+++

What's good everyone! This week was another good one! We have been
working hard and learning a lot! I'm just going to jump into it!

Monday we had a family home evening event at the church at night! It
was really fun, and we basically just got to hang out and throw the
football around with everyone! I think it was cool for investigators
to see that we are also real people haha.

Tuesday was another good day! We met with this kid Alex who is super
cool, he always texts us after lessons and tells us thanks! Great kid.
Then we found the next Ronaldo, except his name is Arturo. He is super
good at soccer and is also super cool, hopefully we can keep teaching
him!

Wednesday I went on exchanges with Elder Patton again! It was awesome,
he was the one who served 9 months in Guatemala. It was a good day,
they had an investigator pass her baptismal interview! She is going to
get baptized next week! Then we had some good lessons with some cool
families! Kind of forgot all their names but yeah haha!

Thursday was interesting haha, we had interviews with President! The
thing is though that we were the last ones to go so it took like 2 and
a half hours. It was all good though, just took some pros time. We
ended up talking to Alex again and met this new guy Jose!

Friday was awesome, we had a miracle happen! There is a soccer night
every Friday, so we had been inviting everyone. It was really sad
though because it looked like nobody was going to come. Then randomly
we just prayed about it and all the stars aligned! We ended up taking
10 investigators! It was sick! And we also got to play soccer!

Saturday we met this awesome guy named Edmondo! He asked us to bring
him a bible, so obviously he was way interested! We taught a great
lesson about the restoration and told him there is more scripture, the
Book of Mormon! Lots of potential. That was the main highlight of the
day!

Sunday was slightly disappointing cause we didn't have anybody at
church. It was pretty crazy though because Emilio was kicked out! He
was supposed to get baptized this weekend too, so I guess we gotta
postpone that haha. At night though we taught an awesome lesson to
Andrea, who we have been looking for forever! She prayed at the end to
find the true church, pretty obvious which one it is haha!

Another great week! Crazy that Thanksgiving is right around the
corner, hope you guys enjoy it wherever you are! Have a great week, I
love you all!