+++
title = "2 Transfers Down"
date = "2016-10-24"
tags = ["Elder Carrillo", "South Phoenix", "Aguila Ward", "Rene", "Avila"]
menu = ""
banner = "banners/2016_10_24_0.JPG"
+++

Hey everyone! Another week down, and it was the last one of the
transfer! We figure out what's going to happen this week! It's going
to be fun.  Anyway this week was another good one!

Monday night we taught Rene again! He was straight up just
teaching for us, and his little cousin was there.   He invited her
to get baptized! Like what the heck this kid is going to be a sick
missionary! Then we saw a recently converted family and talked to
them about preparing to go to the temple for baptisms for the dead. They are going to start to do their family history work!

Tuesday was an interesting one. It  started out with president
interviews. He is an awesome guy, and super chill, so that went well!
Then we had to go to the dentist because my companions tooth has been bothering him pretty bad. It turned out that he needed to get a root canal, but that was on Thursday so I'll get to it.  The rest of
the day we tried to find more people and ended up teaching a less active family. It was good, kind of like a family home evening, we
played a game about agency! They are cool, I hope they start coming
back to church!

Wednesday we had a training meeting for new missionaries and their trainers. It was really good, and fun to see the people that are in the same spot as me haha. We got to talk to president and the
assistants, over all just really good! Then we visited another less
active family, the Diaz family. The mom is super awesome, and her
daughter really wants to go back to church! She actually went to a
relief society activity on Thursday! That was sick! We also saw this
guy running from the cops! He went right past us, I should have
tackled him or something but I didn't know until it was too late haha. He was on the phone and all we heard was "Babe! Pick me up!" It was hilarious!

Thursday was interesting, but it was the dentist day so that took
forever. Elder Carrillo ended up getting a root canal, and everything
went well. The whole thing took like 2-3 hours I think. Then, that
night we got to teach Rene's family, who aren't members! It was pretty
awesome, Rene was teaching with us! We invited them to church and they said they would try. They didn't go, but at least they felt the spirit and a desire to go, we'll keep trying!

Friday we had a couple of lessons. We had a lesson with Hermana Avila who is an awesome investigator! It was funny because she was cutting onions and everyone started crying. We blamed it on the spirit though haha. They said they were going to do all they could to go to church, but they didn't either. Classic. Also talked to Hermano Reyes who was drinking when we showed up, he's been investigating for a while. His daughter was there and called him out for not going to church
because he was drinking and watching football haha! It was hilarious!

Saturday was a cool day. We walked up and talked to a couple of guys drinking on the back of the truck and got to talking. They were cool, but they said they just don't want to change. They did tell us that they respected us for what we did though, a lot of people do that. We did set up a time to go back, but they work a lot and don't have set schedules. Hopefully we can talk to them again! Then we ran into
Hermano Palacios! He has been coming to church for a while but just won't get baptized for some reason. We gave him a Book of Mormon and told him to pray about it. He says he's doing it! I know he will get an answer that it's true!

Sunday went quick we stopped by some people that didn't go to church just to see how they were. Everything is good, hopefully next time! Then we had to help this Elder get his stuff out of his house because he is going home. That was interesting, before I know it that will be me.  That's about it!

That's about it for my week! Hope everything was good for you guys!
Keep working hard at whatever your doing! Love you guys!