+++
title = "August 12, 2016"
date = "2016-08-12"
tags = ["MTC", "First Week"]
menu = ""
banner = "banners/mtc_front.jpg"
+++

Whats good everyone!!! They wouldnt let us email on the first Friday so that was kind of frustrating. Sorry Mom I hope you werent too worried about me. Its so awesome to hear from everyone! The MTC is super nice, and the weather in Mexico is awesome except it rains alot. The MTC is super nice and we have fresh water and everything like that. Life outside in Mexico is a different world though. There are literally no traffic laws you just have to go for it and hope you dont get hit. Everything is kinda run down and dirty, its kind of sad. When the traffic stops people go out to the cars and juggle in front of them or clean the windows hoping somebody will give them money. Im super blessed to be in the MTC. The food is pretty good most of the time, but there is the occasional meal that is just bad haha. I live in a casa with 4 of us in a room sharing one bathroom. The beds are pretty good and I sleep fine. REally no complaints about the MTC

The first couple of days here were honestly some of the longest of my life, but now things are going smoothly and the time is flying by. My companion is Elder Barfuss, he is from Utah and is straight out of highschool. He is going to Chile Santiago South on his mission, so thats way cool. He is a little bit awkward honestly haha but he is focused and willing to work so thats all I can ask for. All of the Elders in my district are straight out of highschool, so im the oldest. Sometimes they call me Uncle Drew because im "old" and am the best at basketball. If that doesnt make sense you might have to google Uncle Drew haha. They are all pretty cool though, and we have good times together. There are 4 other companionship's of Elders and most of them are going to Santiago as well, and we also have a companionship of sisters that are really cool.

Life as a missionary is actually really fun and rewarding. We have fake investigators that we teach and we got our investigator to be baptized, but they kind of just say yes to everything right now. The hardest part is having to speak Spanish all the time, but im definitely getting better. We study alot and speak alot so naturally we are getting pretty good. I am also coming super close to my Heavenly Father out here, I feel the spirit everyday so strongly. On Sunday we listened to a talk that Elder Bednar gave at the MTC on Christmas day 2011 that changed my whole world view haha. Its honestly one of the best talks I have ever heard I would definitely recommend everyone watch it, you can just google it im sure. Now that im used to the schedule it is actually really great!

We are going to the Temple today so im super excited! Everything is going to be in Spanish so that will be an experience but I have heard that it is super cool. That also means that we dont have alot of time today so I only have this one picture and its really bad. Its so awesome having a great support system back home! I hope everything is going well for you guys! Keep writing me! Love you guys soooo much!!

Love,
Elder Folkman