+++
title = "Three Transfers Down!"
date = "2016-12-05"
tags = ["Elder McFarlane", "Phoenix", "South Mountain Ward"]
banner = "banners/2016_12_05_0.jpg"
+++

This week has been a pretty awesome week! Hope everything is going
well for you guys too! Time is definitely  going faster and faster the
longer I have been out. Can't believe it's been over 4 months!
Missionary life is the best!

This Monday night we met a new family! They actually seem really cool,
and we're very willing to listen! That's always a good way to start of
the week!

Tuesday was solid as well! Got in contact with another family that was
willing for us to come back, and met this guy named Juan. Of course
his name is Juan haha. Anyway, then we had a fire lesson with Manuel,
he was struggling to understand that there is really only one true
church of Christ. We brought our boy David, an RM who knows the Bible
like the back of his hand, and he just took over and used the Bible to
explain how Jesus Christ established one true church. It was pretty
sick.

Wednesday we had a 5 lesson day, and met a 7 person family! They just
moved in to our area and seem pretty cool! Hopefully we can start
meeting with them when they get settled in, cause right now it's kind
of hard. We went over one night, and they didn't have the lights
working yet. Their only source of light was this weird toy that also
made very loud noises, we thought it was like a party going on when we
first knocked haha.

Thursday was a pretty good day too. We had a lesson with Maribel and
Jaime, and they straight up told us that they believe the church is
true and want to get baptized! Really awesome to see people that
understand how they have been blessed by the message. The just have to
start coming to church! Man it's hard to convince people to go over
there haha.

Friday we had a lunch time miracle! We had a training for new
missionaries in Tempe in the morning. By the way I won't be in
training anymore after this transfer! That's cool haha. Anyway, so
after we decided to go to in and out for lunch, and this member
stopped us and gave us 30 dollars! Pretty sick, and the double double
was amazing as well. Soccer that night was pretty bad though, I was
stinking it up haha.

Saturday was a crazy day too. We met this super cool kid, Alfonso. He
said he wants to get back to Heaven and hold Heavenly Father in his
arms again! It really made me think about who we are. That has been on
my mind a lot. We really are sons and daughters of God, I know it's
true. That means that we have the most powerful and loving person ever
on our side! We just gotta turn to him and trust him. Never forget who
you are! We actually had an awesome lesson with Manuel and our bishop
Saturday night about that. Bishop Lopez is amazing I literally cried
in that lesson, so powerful! As missionaries we really are just trying
to help people realize that they have divine potential and that there
is hope through Jesus Christ! Never give up haha!

Sunday was disappointing again... Nobody is coming to church even
though we are working hard. It's discouraging because we know that if
they would just go to church they could feel the Spirit and get
answers to their questions! Next week we have to work even harder, it
is good motivation!

Some other things that happened are that Elder Wright, one of the
elders living in my apartment, left for Él Salvador! He will be
missed. Also my zone leader Elder Christensen got called to be an AP!
Pretty crazy. Finally, Transfers are next week so we will see what
happens!

I love you all! Remember that your a child of God! Check out
Mormon.org to start follow in the December calendar of  service if you
haven't already! Love you all, and hope you are getting ready for
Christmas! The best holiday, especially for missionaries haha! Have a
good week!

Elder Folkman