+++
title = "August 19, 2016"
date = "2016-08-19"
tags = ["MTC"]
menu = ""
banner = "banners/2016_08_19_0.JPG"
+++

Hey everyone! This week has gone by so fast, and it was loaded with some crazy stuff. I guess I´m just going to go through my week and let you know what went down.

Friday we went to the Temple, and it was so cool. The temple is really beautiful, I have some pictures. It´s awesome how even though i´m in Mexico the temple felt so familiar. They had translation devices for us so that was definitely helpful haha. The feeling in the Temple just made me so pumped to go out and help people get there themselves one day!

Saturday was a pretty standard day with lots of studying and practice teaching, but it was still good. Also, we learned that pretty much all of the words that the Latinos have taught us in Spanish are pretty bad haha. I wont write the specifics but yeah that was funny.

Sunday was pretty awesome and chill. We have regular church, but nobody knows if they are going to have to speak before hand. We all have to prepare 5 min talks in spanish, then the president just stands up and calls people out. I didnt have to give one this week so that was good haha. Later that night we had a devotional and basically everyone was struggling to stay awake it was hilarious. One of the Elders in my zone, Elder Whitaker, was out the whole time and then at the end he started drooling, it was one of the funniest moments of my life. I will try to get a picture of that haha. The devotional was actually way good though. We got to listen to Elder Holland who is always amazing. Also we watched a video about John Tanner who basically gave up everything to help the church when it was first starting, such an amazing man! When I think about all the sacrifices he went through for the church two years seems like nothing.

Monday was pretty uneventful, but Tuesday was great. Every Tuesday new Elders and Hermanas come and we have a devotional. Also, its Pizza night so that is always good. There is obviously a competition to see who can eat the most. The most I have ever heard of is 21 slices, dont know if its true because thats ridiculous. Anyway, at the devotional Elder Montejo talked, who is a member of the 70 I think. He is hilarious and also very powerful. What I got most from his talk is that God sends us to places in our lives to bless others, and that I was called by a prophet to teach the people of Arizona. His talked just got me so excited to go out to the field!

Wednesday is when the crazy stuff happened. There was some chicken mole served at lunch and after everyone was feeling pretty crappy. Elder Neddo, who is my district leader, was on the toilet for literally like 30 minutes and we thought it was because of that. He got really bad though and was like throwing up all night, so he went to the hospital outside of the MTC, it was crazy. The next day we get a note that says we have to go to the infirmary to found out what happened to him, so we were all freaking out. Turns out he had appendicitis and had to have his appendix removed! Pretty crazy stuff, but he is all good now and is just chilling in the hospital. We have to take 12 hour shifts being his companion so tomorrow im going to spend all day at the hospital! Im really thankful that everything went good, I would have been pretty sketched out to be operated on in Mexico haha.

Ya so that was basically my week, I hope things are going well for everyone wherever they are!
As far as my spanish progress im am definitely getting better, especially when teaching. I find myself just speaking in spanish without really thinking about it when i get into a groove. I dont know if what Im saying makes any sense, but I think that is a good sign haha. Life at the MTC is really good, except for being tired basically all the time but today is P day so Im going to take a nap like all day. Love you guys! Talk to you next week!!