+++
title = "Last Email From Mexico!"
date = "2016-09-12"
tags = ["MTC"]
menu = ""
banner = "banners/2016_09_12_0.JPG"
+++

Hey everyone! This is the last email I will be sending from Mexico, its crazy that my time in the MTC is already done. I´m super excited to get going in Arizona, and also a little nervous. Mostly excited though! Its been a crazy ride here and I have already had some great experiences, and I know its only going to get better in the field!

There´s not much to report on from this week, cause we mostly just had classes and got ready to leave. I have everything packed up and ready to go. I will be taking a bus to the airport at 2:30 am which really sucks. Its probably going to be a long day tomorrow, but then I wont have to worry about flying for 2 years!

These past couple of days have gotten me prepared for the first week. From what I have heard its going to be rough haha. However, everyone says that it gets 100 times better once you forget yourself and just go talk about Christ! Its all about attitude, if you think about everything thats going wrong its going to suck, but if you remember why you are there it will be fine. I am honestly just so blessed to be a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints and to know that I have a Savior, Jesus Christ. I think I can get over the hard times for 2 years to tell people about Him. Its going to be sick!

Thats about all from me for my last thoughts before heading to Arizona! Next email is probably going to be crazy haha. Love you guys! Hope everything is going well! Read the Book of Mormon haha!

Love,
Elder Folkman