+++
title = "First Week in AZ"
date = "2016-09-19"
tags = ["Elder Carrillo", "South Phoenix", "Aguila Ward", "Hermana Cruz", "Rene"]
menu = ""
banner = "banners/2016_09_19_0.JPG"
+++

What's good everyone!! It's so crazy that I'm writing from AZ and I'm
actually on my mission now. The first week was super fun! A lot better
than I thought it would be haha! I guess I'm going to just jump into
what happened!

We got in on Tuesday and went to the mission home at around 1 I think
so they had lunch waiting for us. Then after lunch president
Christensen just told us to take naps so we crashed on his floor,
which is super comfortable. It was amazing. The rest of the day was
orientation and stuff, we got our iPads and learned about rules and
what not. Then we had a super nice lasagna dinner and devotional to
end the day, not too bad.

Wednesday is transfer day so all the missionaries who were getting
transferred showed up and we got to meet our trainers. My trainer is
Elder Carrillo, he is from Guatemala originally but his family
actually lives in AZ. It's weird cause he is 27 so I think there was
some special circumstances or something haha. Either way though he is
nice and a good missionary. Also I'm actually a foot taller than him,
no joke. His call is actually to serve in English and he has been out
for 7 months so he knows English okay haha. We try to speak mostly in
Spanish though, which is good. We got assigned to South Phoenix in the
Aguila ward! It's super sick out here! Also we got a Ford Fusion to
drive, and I'm driving! New missionaries basically never drive, but
they trust me for some reason haha. I'm not complaining.

Thursday was the first day of real proselyting! It was kinda of slow
because our area got white washed. That basically means that Elder
Carrillo wasn't here before so we were both new and didn't know
anyone. We also didn't have our Area Book working so we only had a few
potential investigators. We just went to visit them and see if they
were home. We got to talk to some of them and set up real
appointments! Thursday night was sick, cause we taught my first
"lesson", pretty intense story actually. We want to see this less
active member Hermana Cruz, so we knocked on the door and nobody
answered. We stuck around for a little bit then her Mom, America Cruz,
showed up who isn't a member. We got to talking to her and it turns
out that her husband died 6 months ago! We told her about how through
Christ we are all going to be resurrected, and that she would see her
husband again. She was crying and I just felt the spirit telling me to
testify of Christ so I went for it! It was the coolest experience
ever, because I knew that's what she needed to here and I was actually
helping her! We are definitely going to teach her, it's going to be
sick!

Friday was similar, but we met even more people! We had two lessons
planed and both of them weren't there! Ya! Haha it was fine though
cause we met Rene! He is 9 and is the coolest kid I have ever met. He
wants to get baptized! And he actually knows so much about the Gospel
and always go to church and scouts! He will probably be my first
baptism haha! His parents live in Mexico and he asked them if he could
get baptized, and they said yes! Lets go!

Saturday was fun cause there was a ward party! It's a little different
being in a Spanish ward, but the people are so nice! We met a lot of
people, the problem was that we didn't know who was a member or an
investigator haha. Anyway we have a lot of appointments planed for
next week!

The first Sunday was also good. I definitely have never heard so much
Spanish in 3 hours Haha. I feel like I can understand most of what
people are saying, but it depends on the topic of conversation haha. I
don't speak as much as I should though because I can't think fast
enough haha. My Spanish is improving though just by being exposed to
it so often, I'm going to try to talk more next week haha.

That's about it haha. The first week was good! I'm super excited for
next week to start teaching more people! The language will come I have
faith haha! I hope everything is going well for everyone wherever they
are!

Love,
Elder Folkman