+++
title = "Rene's Baptism"
date = "2016-10-10"
tags = ["Elder Carrillo", "South Phoenix", "Aguila Ward", "Rene", "Baptism", "Zone Conference"]
menu = ""
banner = "banners/2016_10_10_0.JPG"
+++

What's good everyone?! I had a pretty solid week this week! Rene got
baptized! I guess that's kind of my first baptism, but this kid was
just ready to go haha. Such a cool experience being able to see him
make that covenant and start on the straight and narrow!

So Monday night was pretty cool, in a way haha. I finally got yelled
at by a drunk Hispanic man! He called me a "¡gringo mentiroso!" Gringo
is basically the slang term for white people, and mentiroso means liar
so... He said Joseph Smith didn't exist, and then he told my companion
he was going to burn in hell so there's also that haha. It was
honestly so funny being preached to by this drunk guy, he just kept
telling me that Jesus loved me haha. There really was no point in
saying anything to this guy so I just sat there, but we set up an
appointment with his nephew who is actually interested!

On Tuesday we just tried to find more people, some appointments came
out of it so we will see how those turn out. We had a lesson with this
guy who is apparently going to be busy from now until December at all
hours of the day haha. We but down a reminder to visit him in December
though, if I'm even still here. Then we had a lesson with Rene who is
a baller. He understands everything so fast, and is just so smart!

Wednesday I went on exchanges with Elder Lee, who is my zone leader
and is an English speaking missionary, so I got to speak English! It
was really fun, he is a really funny and energetic guy. We gave three
blessings in one day! It was pretty sick. Then we taut this guy Ron
who is trying to convert his whole hospital it's awesome. We taught
him about the word of wisdom and he told us he was going to stop
drinking coffee before we even asked!

Thursday we had zone conference in the morning which goes from 8:30 to
3, so it's a bit long. It was really good though, I learned a lot. The
presidency of the mission comes and talks to us and the assistants to
the president too. It was really good! President challenged us to read
the Book of Mormon before Christmas, and to highlight every time it
talks about Jesus Christ or his teachings. I really like reading with
a purpose like, I would definitely recommend it. The rest of the day
was getting Rene reading for baptismal interview, and he passed it!

Friday was a solid day as well. We had to do a lot of planning or
Rene's baptism on Saturday, but we got it all figured out. Then at
night we taught Adilene and Fernando about the Book of Mormon, and it
went great. I think they understand that if they really want to know
if this Gospel is true they just have to read it. I'm praying that
they will read it and pray about it and get that answer for
themselves!

Saturday was the baptism day! It went really well, and Rene's family
all showed up and a good amount of members too! His grandpa came,
which is awesome because before he was totally against it and thought
that we were forcing him to get baptized. After the baptism Rene was
souled happy, he spirit was there for sure! He says he wants to serve
a mission when he is older! I really hope he does!

