+++
title = "Another Awesome Week!"
date = "2016-11-14"
tags = ["Elder McFarlane", "Phoenix", "South Mountain Ward"]
menu = ""
banner = "banners/2016_11_14_0.jpg"
+++

What a week it has been! It's insane how fast time flies on the
mission! This week we really have been working hard and learning a
lot! We also had a visit from Elder Pierson, of the seventy, and his
wife! All and all just a good week!

Monday night we talked to this kind of weird, yet really awesome, lady
named Carla. She is very in tune with her spiritual side, a little too
in tune. She had some crazy stories about angels and demons and stuff
like that. Anyway we taught about the restoration and she seemed to
really feel the spirit. She said that after the lesson we looked like
angels, like we literally had wings and we were super tall haha. Just
had to count my blessings after that one!

Tuesday we talked to another spiritual guy haha, who told us we needed
to open our spirits or something like that. Usually we are the people
that tell others to pray, but he committed us to mediate for 10
minutes a day, it's was pretty great. Then we used the power of
technology and Facebook video chatted with this guy Emilio who is
getting baptized next week! He is the nicest guy ever and really just
loves everyone so sincerely, going to be an awesome member! That night
we went back to Carla's house and she is living with another lady who
also has crazy questions, like if Moses had horns. We had the whole
family gathered outside with all the kids, it was kind of cool!

Wednesday was also a cool day! We met with a less active lady who is
kind of struggling cause she broke her ankle. It was interesting
though because this random guy came home and just said he was going to
beat up someone haha. The whole family showed up, so I guess it was a
pretty big deal. Then we taught this kid Alex who is a baller, but his
dad has some negative views about Mormons. They have Mormon family, so
he just has weird ideas about who we are, classic.
Finished the night off by talking to Jesús again, don't know if I have
talked about him before. Our whole objected was to get him to church,
and he really seems like he wanted to go, but he didn't haha.

Thursday was Mission Tour, which is when Elder Pierson came and talked
to us! It was really good! The general authorities just are awesome
and bring the spirit so powerfully! The one thing that really stuck
out to me that I wanted to share is that we are all children of our
Heavenly Father. When we understand who we were before this life, and
our divine potential, it makes it a lot easier to overcome trials. If
there was one thing that I wish everyone knew, it would be that they
have a Heavenly Father who loves them unconditionally. We never have
to feel like we're not good enough or that we aren't worth anything,
in reality we are the children of God and we can become like Him.

Friday we met two new families that are pretty cool! One of them only
spoke English though, so we have to refer them to the other elders.
Still cool though! Then we finished off the night by talking to Emilio
again! He had a lot of stuff on his chest, because he is going through
a lot right now. We helped him understand that this Gospel can help
him, and then I gave him a priesthood blessing in Spanish! It was a
super cool experience, and I'm just glad I could help Emilio!

Saturday we met up with a lot of people that we had been trying to get
in contact with! It's kind of hard because everyone just tells us to
call them to set up the appointment, but they never pick up the phone.
It was good to get back in contact with them though! I'll let you know
if more comes of those people!

Sunday we were hoping for lots of people to come to church, but only
Emilio came. That was still really good though! He literally gets off
of work at 6am on Sunday morning and is still down to go to church at
9! So awesome! Then a miracle happened, and we found this guy who is
struggling with an addiction that really wants to learn more and come
into Christ! I really hope we can help him! I know that he can
overcome his addiction through Jesus Christ and the power of his
atonement!

That's about it, this morning we went back up to the top of the
mountain, so enjoy these awesome pictures! Hope you guys have a good
week! Love you all!