+++
title = "LIGHTtheWORLD"
date = "2016-11-28"
tags = ["Elder McFarlane", "Phoenix", "South Mountain Ward"]
+++

This week was awesome! It was a little weird spending Thanksgiving
away from family, but it's kind of like family out here too! We had a
really fun week all and all!

Monday night we found Nico! We taught him the Gospel of Jesus Christ
and how he can rely on the atonement of Jesus Christ to overcome any
challenge. We shared Helaman 5:12, it's an awesome scripture you
should all check it out!

Tuesday was great! The other Elders investigator Oralia finally got
baptized! She has been investigating for like years, it was pretty
awesome! What made it even cooler is that our investigator Manuel was
there, and he really felt the spirit! He said he really wants to work
to get baptized now! It was a miracle quite honestly.

Wednesday we taught Maribel and Jaime! They accepted to prepare for
the 23rd of December to prepare for baptism, I really hope they follow
through! Then we found this cool guy, Abraham, he is named after a
prophet so that's always good haha. We talked to Alex again, he is
still super chill, but his family is kind of stopping him from
progressing. We also taught Jesus, and he is teaching us Spanish
slang, don't know if that's a good thing haha.

Thanksgiving was awesome! Started off with some good old Turkey Bowl
football of course. I'm not going to lie I was dropping dimes as
quarterback, no big deal though. Then we went and got breakfast at
IHOP cause we had all day, it was pretty great. After that we just
chilled at home, did some studies and took naps, it was much needed.
For dinner, The Muñoz family had us over! It kind of felt like being
at home honestly, except everyone was speaking Spanish haha. One of my
most memorable thanksgivings for sure, even though I couldn't spend it
with the fam.

Friday we had 5 lessons! Pretty good day! We met some new people, and
a new family! Overall just a really full day, and we got to end it off
with some soccer. I was a little of my game though, cause of the
turkey bowl on Thursday haha.

Saturday we also had 5 lessons! Pretty crazy what happens when you
talk to everyone haha. We also have been sharing the new video that
the church put out for Christmas. It's for the #LIGHTtheWORLD movement
that they are doing! There is a calendar on Mormon.org of things we
can do every day of December to serve as Jesus Christ did, and prepare
for Christmas. Everyone should check it out and follow the calendar,
the video is really cool too!

Sunday was cool too, except nobody came to church again. It's been a
struggle to get them there for sure. We're going to keep trying, never
give up haha! At night though we actually had success finding new
people and a less active family gave us a whole pizza haha.

The mission life is still awesome, and now I'm just counting down the
days tell Christmas! I hope you guys all have a great week, and check
out Mormon.org when you get a chance! I love you all and miss you a
lot! Also, don't know if I should send this p, but here is a
thanksgiving rap that we made hahahah.