+++
title = "September 7, 2016"
date = "2016-09-07"
tags = ["MTC"]
menu = ""
banner = "banners/2016_09_07_0.JPG"
+++

Hey everybody! So we have P-day on Wednesday this week because Friday we have a bunch of classes to get ready to go out to the field. We got our flight plans to leave to our missions this week. I have to leave on a bus at 2:30 am on Tuesday which is unfortunate. Then I catch a plane at 6 am and should be in Arizona by 9, i´m super excited! So its only been a couple days since I emailed, but i think some stuff happened haha.

Last P-day on Friday we basically played soccer and basketball all day. It was really fun, but my legs were pretty dead after. P days are always a much needed break.

Saturday was pretty fun. We did alot of teaching practice with fake investigators. Its kinda weird having to teach people that you know, but its good practice. Its getting easier to teach in Spanish and to make the lessons interesting and applicable. It will be cool to actually teach a real person will real problems though haha. Hopefully we can help them out!

Sunday was also good. It was fast Sunday, so I took the opportunity to share my testimony. I figured it would be the last chance I had to do it in Mexico. I shared that I know this Gospel is true and that Jesus Christ is my Savior. I know that my family can live together forever, and that I want to tell the whole world that their families can too! Then we watched a video about the Book of Mormon, and how some guy in Italy found it without the cover page. He read it and knew it was the word of God and didnt even know its name. Then it took him like 40 years to get baptized, but when he finally did it was awesome. Everyone has to read the Book of Mormon haha!

Monday was labor day in the states, so we kind of missed out on that. We did sing the National Anthem though so it was pretty cool. It got me excited to head back to America! The rest of the day was pretty uneventful haha.

Tuesday night devotional was great! We got to listen to Elder D. Todd Christofferson! The main thing I got from the talk was that as missionaries we hold the keys to the Kingdom of Heaven and all the blessings. We wish that everyone would listen to us so they could have these blessings, but not everyone will. Im just looking forward to the day when I can bring the blessings of this Gospel to some family in Arizona!

Thats about all from me. Hope everything is goin good for everyone! Im lovin life out here! Also enjoy this picture of me and Elder Sypherd, this kid is hilarious.

Love,
Elder Folkman