+++
title = "Los Dos Gringos!"
date = "2016-10-31"
tags = ["Elder McFarlane", "Phoenix", "South Mountain Ward", "Garcia Family", "Emilio"]
menu = ""
banner = ""
+++

This week has been another good one! Transfers happened! I'm now with
Elder McFarlane and we're still in Phoenix! We are opening up a new
area in the South Mountain ward! Elder McFarlane has only been out 6
more weeks than me, and we are both still learning Spanish haha. We
are definitely relying on the Lord and members! It's been way fun
though!

Monday was P-day so it was pretty uneventful. I did get my haircut
though! The haircut was okay, but it's a little uneven if I'm honest.
They were playing TV in the barber shop though. I've never felt so bad
while watching Discovery Channel haha. Then we got a call from
president and found out my companion was leaving next transfer!

Tuesday was a little weird because we kind of just went around to the
people we were teaching and told him Elder Carrillo was leaving haha.
We also told them I would be staying p, which didn't end up being
true. We did have a miracle though! We taught a lesson with the Garcia
Family, who we just met and put them in date to be baptized! It was
awesome! They are now preparing for December 19! I hope they are doing
well because I'm not in that area anymore haha!

Wednesday was the day that we actually switched companions and moved
our stuff. I'm still in the same apartment complex just on the other
side so it wasn't bad. But we figured out where our area was going to
be, and that my old companion is going to Tempe! The rest of the day
we just tried to find the people that the old missionaries were
teaching. We had two sister missionaries in our area before that were
awesome, so we already have people to teach!

Thursday was kind of the first real day of los dos gringos! It was a
lot of finding because we don't really know anybody haha. We did set
up a lot of lessons for next week though! Besides that we learned the
area more and just introduced ourselves to slot of people! It was
pretty solid!

Friday was awesome! Let me tell you, miracles do happen. We were about
to go into a lesson, and we desperately wanted a member to come so
they could actually understand Spanish. It looked like nobody was
coming, but as we were packing up to leave this random guy just walks
in. He's just like, "ya I'm going with you guys." Then we got there
and put this guy Emilio on date for baptism! November 19th! Let's go!

Saturday and Sunday were kind of finding days, but that's good because
people are home! We found lots of people actually! Next week is going
to be awesome! Definitely going to learn a lot and grow a lot this
transfer! Hope you guys are all doing well! Have a good week! Love
you!

Elder Folkman