+++
title = "It's Christmas Time!"
date = "2017-12-04"
banner = "banners/2017_12_04_0.JPG"
+++

Hey Everyone! It's another Pday! This week went by way fast, can't
believe how fast time flies. We have been working hard to
#LightTheWorld and have been loving every minute of it! What an
amazing time to rember our Savior!

Monday we had an awesome day! Pday was pretty cool, we were able to
prepare for a skit as a zone for Christmas Conference coming up. Then,
we went on exchanges and I took Elder Grover back with me and Elder
Denton to Gila Bend! We went hard and found lots of cool people! We
also had a very humbling experience. Sonny texted us that he had lost
his faith, which is crazy because he has so much faith, but we went
over and we're able to show that there is hope! After the lesson he
told us he had a renewed sense of faith, and he knew everything would
work out.

Tuesday we spent all day with Elder Grover! We found a new family to
teach that are actually super cool! It was a really awesome first
lesson in which we explained the plan of salvation! They have some
young kids so we had fun with it and drew it out on the iPad haha. How
blessed I am to know that God really does have my life in his hands.
It really just comes down to our own decisions if we want to be happy
or not, how cool is that?! Then we had to drop off good ole Elder
Grover in Maricopa!

Wednesday we headed down to good old Ajo! We are trying out hardest to
#LightTheWorld out there so today we prepared for our launch party
tomorrow! At night we went back up to Gila Bend for some visits with
Bro Adams. Alfonso and Fam are still doing good, and are really
thinking about Baptism! We think they are super close, and we know
that they definitely love us haha. They are awesome! We also met with
Sal again tonight, and he said he wants to go to church one of these
days! That would literally be the best moment of my life!

Thursday was super fun! We had the launch party for #LightTheWorld and
a lot of people showed up from the ward and the community of Ajo!
Basically we just got people excited about the event and then ate some
good food! Nothing better. We really hope to see many blessings come
from our efforts to follow the Saviors example of service! Ajo is a
really charitable place so we are excited.

Friday was interesting haha. We had lots of stuff fall through that we
were really looking forward too, but then stuff we didn't expect to
happen happened! Today was the first day of December so to serve
others we gathered so groceries and gave them to a family we know is
struggling, super fun! We also had two really good lessons! First was
with Margarita, who has lots of faith. She is very open for us to come
back! Then we had a miracle lesson with your boy, Gilly! He is going
to pray about baptism! And really loves us haha.

Saturday our #LightTheWorld was helping an investigator hang up some
Christmas lights on her house! She is also doing #LightTheWorld! All
the cool kids are doing it! So it's been held in her come closer to
the church, little by little. Today we also had a long lesson with
Arturo, it was good but also frustrating haha. He knows what he's got
to do, but just won't do it! One day though! He is still a baller.

Sunday was good! It was stake conference so we got to watch it in Ajo,
it ducked because they didn't broadcast to Gila Bend. We had lots of
members there and less actives, but no investigators. It was still
good to see the rows nice and full! Today we serve by helping out our
boy Ian with some trash at his house. #LightTheWorld. And we watched
the Christmas Devotional with some less active members who are way
cool, it was good for all of us!

Everything is going great our here in paradise! Christmas is by far
the best time of year! I hope we can all take the time to remember why
we celebrate! Have an awesome week!

Love,
Elder Folkman