+++
title = "God Loves Us!"
date = "2017-10-31"
tags = ["Elder Gleason", "Elder Denton", "Ajo and Gila Bend", "District Leader", "Trainer"]
banner = "banners/2017_10_31_0.JPG"
+++

This week has really testified to me that God loves us. Each and every
single one of us are special in his eyes, and he knows us. What an
amazing blessing. I hope you all had a good week, and are pumped for
Halloween! It's crazy how time flies, it seems like just yesterday I
was in Phoenix and it was Halloween haha.

Monday was an awesome day! We were on exchanges, so I was with Elder
Gleason and Elder Hardy. First we taught a quick lesson in Spanish,
and I was solo because they both only speak English. Then, we had a
miracle! We met with an investigator who has been "investigating" for
15 years! But tonight she finally opened up to us about her dad's
death, and she is super interested in knowing more about the Plan of
salvation! So that was way cool!

Tuesday was also great! We had District Meeting and all the usually
stuff, so that was solid. Then, we taught a first lesson to a new
investigator named Jennifer! She is really going through a hard time
with a death in her family, so we were able to testify to her that she
will see her family again, and she can find peace through Jesus Christ
in this life. It gives me so much comfort to know that death isn't the
end! And we also taught our main man Sal, who is a baller. He has gone
through so much in his life but is truly trying to change. Tonight we
explained to him that God loves us so much that he calls prophets! He
was pretty excited about Mr. Smith (That's how he refers to Joseph
Smith haha) and how he was given the authority again!

Wednesday we had a good lesson with Arturo! Who is awesome! He is
reading form the Book of Mormon, and learning more every visit. He is
just taking his time to make sure he gets it all right! Then we met
with Beth, who was the lady from Monday, and taught her and answered
her questions. She found a great deal of comfort in knowing that her
Dad is taken care of, and we testified to her that she can know for
herself through the Book of Mormon. She is going to start reading and
praying about it! So sick!

Thursday we had interviews with President. He is awesome! The I went
on exchanges with Elders Day and Hansen in Maricopa. We had a pretty
good day! I met their investigator Leon who is going to be baptized
next weekend! And a few other people. We also stopped at the house
that won first place for the best Halloween decorations in the
community, it was pretty sick. I wish I would have got some pics, my
bad.

Friday I was also with the Elders in Maricopa. I had the privilege of
interviewing Leon for his baptism, and it all went smoothly! He is an
awesome kid and I know that this decision will bless him and his
family! Today we also met a few people just talking to everyone on the
streets, it's always fun to meet new people! Then I drove back to good
ole Gila Bend!

Saturday I was glad to be back in my area! We had the baptism for
Yadira and Miguel and it was so awesome! I was so happy to see them
make that covenant with their Heavenly Father, and they got to do it
in a pool! It has been amazing to work with them, and I know they will
do great things in their lives! We also taught Arturo more from the
Book of Mormon, and went to a Halloween party in Ajo. It was a great
party, and we even met some awesome people who might be interested in
learning more about the church! Yeah!

Sunday Yadira and Miguel were confirmed members of the Church of Jesus
Christ of Latter Day Saints and recieved the Holy Ghost! I know that
this gift from God will guide, comfort, and protect them for the rest
of their lives! I know that I'm personally so great full for it in
mine. We also taught Sal again and he says he wants to prepare himself
to be baptized!

Yesterday was also a solid day! We taught a few lessons on Ajo and met
some new people! Today should also be awesome because we are going to
the temple! So yeah, life is good! God loves us! Sorry this was a
pretty long email, but there is just so many things to share. Love you
all! Have an awesome week!

Love,
Elder Folkman
