+++
title = "Matilde Did It"
date = "2017-08-28"
tags = ["Elder Ostrander", "Chandler", "District Leader", "Trainer"]
banner = "banners/2017_08_28_0.JPG"
+++

Another awesome week! It's been so awesome! I don't have a ton of time
to write to day, but honestly it's been a sick week!

This week my friend Matilde Pellot was able to be baptized and enter
into a covenant with her Heavenly Father. I thought I would write a
little about the whole process. Matilde found the church through one
of our members, who was there for her at the perfect time. But, our
member didn't even say one word, it was all through a FB post. Matilde
was at a very low point in her life, to the point that she wanted to
give up on everything. She found peace through this one FB post that
told her that God loved her, and from there she started to change.
When we first met with her, she had a lot to overcome. She has stopped
smoking, a habit that she picked up when she was 15 years old. The
coffee was even harder for her though, since she had been drinking
that as a little kid. That's just the start of what she overcame, but
through it all her Heavenly Father was there to support her. Seeing
her in tears as she bore testimony after being baptized is one of the
moments I will hold close to my heart forever. I tell you this because
I know as well that God lives. That's His son Jesus Christ died for
us. And that we can overcome anything through Him. If we follow Him we
will have happiness in this life and in the life to come!

I love you all, and hope you have an amazing week!
Love,
Elder Folkman