+++
title = "Called to SERVE"
date = "2017-09-13"
tags = ["Elder Ostrander", "Chandler", "District Leader", "Trainer"]
banner = "banners/2017_09_13_0.JPG"
+++

What up everyone? How you been? This week was another great week out
here in Chandler! We had many opportunities to serve this week, so
that was really awesome! There is definitely a lot of people that are
in need, so if we can we should always be looking to help! Turning
outwards and not worrying about ourselves really is the best way to
overcome out own problems too!

Monday we had a solid Pday, then the rest of the night helped a little
lady from our ward move. Her name is Hermana Ruiz, and she is awesome!
There were supposed to be like 5 or 6 guys there but only us and one
other Hermano showed up.... So we got down to work and we're able to
move everything for her and it went well!

Tuesday we had some very cool experiences! I saw this one guy sitting
outside of his house and so we decided to go talk to him, and I'm glad
we did. His name is Ramon and he is a very straightforward guy, who
really has his focus on his family. He told us that he has almost
finished the Book of Mormon, and would be willing to go to our
services! Pretty sweet! Then we taught a lesson to Norka, not sure if
I have mentioned her, but now she is on date for the 30th. She is very
humble and loves having us over, she just wants to know more before
getting baptized!

Wednesday we got more service in painting a members home from one of
the English elders wards. She painted her house the wrong color, so we
had to come and redo it haha. Today we also had some solid lessons!
First with Efrain who has been doing better and is starting to take
responsibility for the things going on, which is good to see. Then we
met a Señor named Jose Sanchez, who is really cool! He has questions
that many have about how we can know which church is true, and why
there are so many churches. We testified of the Restoration, and how
God has called a prophet again and restored his church! What a
marvellous blessing that is! We should be able go meet with him again
soon. We also ate some quality food with the Dimas!

Thursday was more service! We volunteered at a convention for homeless
people, at least I think that's what it's called. Basically everything
that they need to get back on their feet, or at least to help them
start, was there in one place. They had everything from the DMV and
social security to just getting a shower and a haircut! So I got to
help guide people around to get the things done that they needed! We
had another awesome experience that night too when we met Pablo! This
guy is a baller! We showed up at like 9pm and he let us in and talked
to us, now we are going to start teaching him! (This whole day I was
on exchanges with Elder Youngblood!)

Friday was really sick! We had another lesson with Norka, and she is
doing good. She is a little concerned about getting baptized do quick,
but she is still willing to go for it! Then we also had another lesson
with Ernesto! He is getting really close to being ready, there is just
some little things holding him back. We are going to keep working with
him until he knows for himself that this is what he needs to do, I
know it won't be too long! They are such an awesome family!

Saturday was the start of our stake conference so that was super good!
Throughtout the day we also had several lessons! We met with Martha,
who is the mother of one of our members, who is going to Mexico.
However, this time she is going to Mexico and bringing her Book of
Mormon because she has committed to really know if it's true! That was
a great lesson! Then we met with Efrain again, he is doing okay haha.
We are just trying to help as best we can, but he's got a lot on his
plate. Then right before conference we met with Florencia and talked
about the Family: a Proclamation to the world. I know that God really
does love the family and that he wants us to have happy families, all
we have to do is try to follow Him as best as we can! She is willing
to change, but I'm not sure about her boyfriend, we have faith though!

Sunday was way cool. We had the other session of general conference,
which was presided by Elder Pearson of the 70. He is powerful. Then we
had the blessing of being able to go through the visitors center of
the Mesa temple with Matilde! It was so awesome! She said as she was
walking up that she felt something different and that her legs were
shaking! I'm so excited for her to one day be able to go in and be
sealed to her family for eternity. What an indescribable blessing.

That's about it, another solid week. I love you all and miss you! Hope
you have an amazing week! Keep smiling and know that you are loved,
and not just by those around you here, but also by your Heavenly
Father!

Love,
Elder Folkman