+++
title = "Carne Asada Tacos!"
date = "2017-03-20"
tags = ["Elder Toranzo", "Gilbert"]
banner = "banners/2017_03_20_0.jpg"
+++

This week was another solid week! We have had some great experiences
and cool moments. It is getting a little hot out here, but that makes
it just that much more likely that they will let us in! I hope
everyone else is doing good and had a great week! Let's get right to
it.

Monday night we had a family home evening with the whole ward! It was
fun to see so many come to support each other and have fun together.
However, the spiritual message was a video from another church....
About Revelations... Don't do that ever please haha. Anyway we made
sure that we finished as soon as possible and then had pizza!

Tuesday we had a zone conference with three other zones. That is when
the Mission President comes down and trains us, as well as the
assistants and the zone leaders.  It was pretty good and helped me out
a lot. The main takeaway for me is to get rid of "golden calfs" in our
lives. That basically means the little things that we hold on too that
aren't that bad, or that we justify aren't that bad. It can be really
hard, but I know as we strive to be as obedient as possible we will be
blessed! We were also able to teach this really cool kid Sergio, he is
a nonmember but has an uncle that served a mission and never knew what
he did! Know he knows, and he knows about Joseph Smith and the Book of
Mormon!

Wednesday we had a lot of time to go out finding! We knocked lots of
doors and tried to talk to people out on the streets and the whole 9
yards! We found two new investigators! One lady from Mexico who is
really interested and already has strong faith in Jesus Christ and
another 20 year old young man who has always believed in Christ and
wants to learn more about him!

Thursday we were able to do the weekly service, which was awesome
again! I'm getting pretty good at recognizing the sizes of baby
clothes haha. Burger King is also right there so we have a tradition
of BK Thursday! We were able to contact some more people by knocking
and talking to them, then we had sports night. We have 3 kids that
keep coming who are also about to start going to church, the problem
is they always have soccer games. They play a lot of soccer haha.

Friday was a fun day! Highlight of the day was definitely the Elders
Quorum activity! We got together and made some really great Carne
asada tacos. I'm really starting to like Mexican food haha I didn't
think it would happen so fast. The Elders Quorum is really working
hard to make sure everyone knows each other more than just that they
go to church together. As well as helping those who haven't been in a
while get back! It's awesome!

Saturday was a really happy day because Javier passed his Baptismal
interview! That means he is all good to go for next Saturday! Super
exciting! Also somehow we got invited to a kids birthday party for
dinner haha. It was a little awkward, and they were playing Mexican
children's songs which was definitely an experience I will just say
that haha. Great day.

Sunday is always awesome because we get to go to church! If you
haven't been you gotta check it out its the best! Javier came and we
were able to teach him after about the priesthood. It is really cool
to be able to work with people to receive this wonderful gift from God
to help us on this earth. He said he is excited to one day be a bishop
haha!  We also got to read the Book of Mormon with a nonmember couple
that has really been struggling to understand it! Super fun, I love
the Book of Mormon stories!

All around a great week! Next one should be even better! The time is
going by so fast it's crazy, but I. Just trying to make the most of
it. I hope you all have an excellent week and do awesome stuff!
Remember that you are all children of a Heavenly Father that loves you
more than you can imagine, and nobody can change get that!

Love,
Elder Folkman