+++
title = "Temple Trip!"
date = "2017-07-17"
tags = ["Elder Ostrander", "Chandler", "District Leader", "Trainer"]
banner = "banners/2017_07_17_0.JPG"
+++

Hey everyone! This week was so awesome! We are so blessed to be out
here in Chandler and serve the Lord. Me and Elder Ostrander are having
tons of fun and have seen many miracles! Let me tell you what
happened!

Monday night we were in charge of the ward family home evening and it
went super well! We shared a quick message about the translation of
the Book of Mormon, and how amazing it is that we have that scripture
in out lives! Then we played a quick game where you have to pass the
eggs on spoons with out dropping it!

Tuesday we had a very solid zone meeting. We are really trying to come
together ad the Chandler Zone and stay excited about the work! The we
met with the Dimas Family, and she is still excited about trying to
get back to church. She quit her job of 19 years, and now she can go
on Sundays!!

Wednesday we got to meet a new member in the ward, Johnny. He and his
family are super cool! And then we talked to this guy Mario who had a
lot of questions about Mormons. I love when people are open hearted
and don't tell us what we believe haha. Our ward mission leader also
got us Chipotle for dinner. It was my companions first time eating
Chipotle, but he threw it up haha. Don't tell him I said that!

Thursday was one of the best days of the mission so far! We went to
the temple with our recent convert, Carlos Ocampo, to do Baptisms for
those who have died. It was truly amazing to see him be able to
perform this essential ordinance for those who can't for themselves.
He said he felt a special spirit, now he is even more pumped to do the
work got his family and get sealed! So special, and he also got us
McDonald's on the way back home! Couldn't have been better!

On Friday we were able to talk to a lot of new people! We found this
one young lady named Jasmine who says she had never felt God's love :(
that's really sad, I hope she was able to feel a little while we met
and we're going back next week! I know that our Heavenly Father truly
does love us and knows us each individually, what a blessing that is.
I feel it most as I pray and as I serve others!

Saturday was really cool, but we did have one really disappointing
thing happen. Our investigator was supposed to feed us tacos, but then
they bailed on us! No!! I was really sad. The rest of the day though
was good, we got to meet with a lot of our current investigators! We
also taught Carlos Ocampo about the importance of always living the
principles of the Gospel, being faith, Repentance, Baptism, the Gift
of the Holy Ghost, and enduring to the end, through our whole lives!
He is already doing awesome at that!

Sunday was a great day! We had a few investigators at church, and they
really liked it! Our ward is very good at making everyone feel at
home, which is a relief haha. Then I had my first experience teaching
a English class! It was kind of a learninf process for everyone, but
it was lots of fun!

That's about it! I love you all so much, and miss you. I hope you all
have an awesome week and can find the tender mercies of the Lord in
your lives. Even in the worst days we can look back and find that we
did have some success! Talk to you next week!

Love,
Elder Folkman   