+++
title = "Javier's Baptism!"
date = "2017-03-27"
tags = ["Elder Toranzo", "Gilbert"]
banner = "banners/2017_03_27_0.jpg"
+++

Another super solid week! Javier got baptized, and it went by so fast!
The crazy thing is that next week is conference! 2nd one in the mish!
I can't even believe it's already time to hear from our beloved
profets! But let's go over what happened this week!

Monday night we had a super cool experience! We were just going to
contact an investigator, when we were stopped by this guy. He asked us
"What makes your church different?" Which never happens! After talking
for a while we found out that he is an ex marine sniper of 20 years,
who recently broke up with his Mormon girlfriend. He is starting to
realize that he never took the church seriously and wants to figure
out what it's a lot about and change his life! We got him all set to
met with the English missionaries now they are helping him out!

Tuesday we found two solid new investigators! The first we just
knocked her door and got to chatting, she has a little family and is
looking to build her family on the principles of the Gospel! So cool!
Then we were invited over to dinner at a members house and they
invited their friend! We taught her the restoration and have dinner
with her this Tuesday again! Don't be afraid to introduce your friends
to the missionaries haha.

Wednesday we went on splits with the Bishopric! They are super cool,
and I got to go out with Hermano Parra. We visited two families, the
first fell through because they had some stuff going on in the family.
Then we got to visit Florencia and talk about the Plan of salvation!
It went pretty well, but it's a little hard for them with young kids.
We're going to have to give them some time. My comp also got to visit
some people so we were super efficient!

Thursday was another good day. We got to do service again, and we
sorted some more baby clothes haha. Then we got BK of course. The
other cool part of the day was being able to teach Martha! She is
sometimes in Mexico and sometimes her, but we got to explain the Book
of Mormon to her and read the introduction. That's definitely the best
place to start if you are just starting to read it. Usually we just go
right past the intro, but those are also really powerful and inspired
words. Solid day!

Friday we also had a cool lesson with Marta who lives in Mexico! We
just met her recently but she was only visiting, so we were hoping
really hard to be able to teach her more before she left. And we found
her! Today we taught her the restoration and gave her a Book of
Mormon. Now hopefully she can find the church over there! Who knows
maybe 20 years from now I'll run into her and she will be a member!

Saturday was Javier's baptism! Super cool! He actually needed two
people in the font so my companion baptized him and I helped him get
back up so he didn't hurt his back. It was a very special moment. Now
he is on that straight and narrow path, and I know that our Heavenly
Father is very proud of him!

Sunday was the confirmation and everything went smoothly. We also were
able to visit a few other people at night and met another really cool
family. They might be only English speaking though, but we will see
haha.

All and all another awesome week. I hope you all are well too! I'm so
grateful for this opportunity to serve here, and I have been able to
come closer to my Heavenly Father than ever before. I know that this
Gospel is true! And if you know it tell everyone haha. Have an amazing
week! Love you!

Love,
Elder Folkman