+++
title = "Wednesday Pday Part 2"
date = "2017-07-26"
tags = ["Elder Ostrander", "Chandler", "District Leader", "Trainer"]
banner = "banners/2017_07_26_0.JPG"
+++

I'm not dead! It's another Wednesday Pday! This time it was because
this morning we went to the Temple, it was so nice! I hope you all had
a good week, I'll try get all the good stuff in this email!

Monday was a really good day! We taught Laura, one of our more
progressing investigators and really hammer home how we can get
answers to prays. She committed to read the Book of Mormon and pray
about it! I know if she does that with faith she will feel of its
divinity. Then we had a crazy lesson with this guy Efrain, he has lot
on his plate right now. He said he was comforted by our visit though!

Tuesday I went on exchanges with Elder Turner! It's always interesting
bringing an English Elder into the world of Spanish work haha. We had
a good day though with a couple of lessons! We also had a correlation
meeting in which the members just talked for like an hour and a half,
so that was crazy.

Wednesday was Zone Conference! It was really good this time, and we
learned a ton! We also have a new challenge to finish the Book of
Mormon by the end of the year, and write down all the Christlike
attributes of the main characters and prophets. Also stories that we
can refer to to teach, and to apply to our own missionary work! I'm
pretty pumped!

Thursday was such a good day! We were with Elder Saulle, a traveling
assistant, and he totally just went hard. We talked to so many people
and just were super effective with time, I really increased my faith.
It was really fun because I'm the only one who speaks Spanish but
Elder Saulle would walk up and start to talk to people anyway then
just look at me haha. Great day!

Friday we also met a lot of new people! We have improved a lot in our
street contacting! We found one new lady named Levitar, never heard
that one before haha. We're excited about starting to teach lots of
new people!

Saturday we saw some cool miracles! We got in contact with a less
active family, the Morlas. The family isn't all members, and we
actually are going to help their nine year old daughter get baptized!
That was way cool! And we reconnected with Victor, I don't know if I
have wrote about him but he is awesome and really wants to change!

Sunday was great! We had several investigators at church! A member
actually invited a friend and her family, and she has 5 kids! They
really liked it and are going to start meeting with the sister
missionaries in our ward! We also sung in choir and taught an English
class, a little bit of everything haha.

Monday was also a really good day. At the begging we had nothing
planned, and we thought it was going to be a long day. However, we put
our faith to the test and got out there and found a ton of new people!
It was so awesome! We set up like 5 lessons and just always seemed to
be in the right place at the right time! I know that we had the spirit
with us, it was so much fun!

Tuesday was solid. We had another experience just being in the right
place, and we're able to meet Victor! He wasn't interested at first,
he actually is atheist, but we were able to get him thinking about how
God has been there for him! He still didn't want to meet, but it was
way cool!

So that's about it! Living the life! I love you all so much, and miss
you. However, at the same time it's a small price to pay to help other
people. I never could have imagined the joy that comes from sharing
the gospel, and just living it! How grateful I am. Have an amazing
week

Love,
Elder Folkman