+++
title = "Chillin in Chandler!"
date = "2017-08-21"
tags = ["Elder Ostrander", "Chandler", "District Leader", "Trainer"]
banner = "banners/2017_08_21_0.JPG"
+++

Hey everyone! This week has been so great! I'm staying in Chandler,
I'm so pumped! I picked up my new companion, Elder Sensenbaugher,
straight from the Mexico MTC! He is doing great, and we are getting
work done! Life is good.

Monday night I was in a trio because my last companion, Elder
Ostrander, got his visa and head out to Guatemala on Sunday! Pretty
crazy! So I went with the English elders for the night, it was way
fun. We taught one lady, Cindy, who was extremely nice. She kept
calling us "cute", especially Elder Siebers who is a little guy haha.
The. We actually sent off his companion, Elder Slater, who was waiting
for his visa to go to India!

Tuesday I was companions with Elder Siebers! We were covering both
areas, so we got a little Spanish and a little English! We actually
ended up waiting for Matilde to have a lesson for like 30 min haha.
I'm not sure what time she was on, but she said she was almost there
and then showed up 20min later haha. It was well worth it though
because she is progressing so well and is awesome! We also taught a
few people in Elder Siebers area!

Wednesday I got the new companion! Pretty crazy training again, but I
should be able to do better this time! Hopefully! We had another
lesson with Matilde today too, she is till awesome and working hard to
change her life! We brought a member that was a little too
straightforward, so that was a mistake that actually was pretty scary,
but it all worked out haha. We also met with the Dimas Family and she
said she might be able to make it our to church!

Thursday was another crazy day! We met with Matilde again! She is so
serious about her Baptism it's so cool! She is working really hard to
give up everything she needs to and she is seeing many blessings. It's
crazy how the adversary tries to keep us down when we want to move
forward, but our Heavenly Father will always help us through! Matilde
is a testimony of that for sure! Then we had correlation and saw a few
other people!

Friday was amazing!! We didn't meet with Matilde haha, but we did
teach the first lesson to Ernesto! He has been
going to church for 8 years and now is meeting with us! It was really
awesome because he was very open with us and we were able to resolve a
lot of his concerns! I think he really might be ready this time
around! I know that would be an amazing blessing for him and his
family! Today we also had a training meeting with President about how
to help our new missionaries, it was solid!

Saturday was awesome! We helped out with a relief society activity in
which they all brought water to give to homeless shelters and other
places like that! Then we went to the Baptism of our Bishops daughter,
and Matilde was able to come with us! She is getting excited and a
little nervous for her baptism haha. Then we had a great lesson with
Efrain! He is still a little bit crazy, but we love him. He said he
wants to prepare himself to be baptized! Let's go!

Sunday was a great too! Ernesto was able to come to church, Matilde
had to work but she will definitely be there next week! We also did a
little singing to help out the choir, there are only like two Hermanos
who come so they need us haha. Then we met with Matilde and she is all
good to go for this Saturday to be baptized! It has been amazing to
see her change and progress, what a blessing the gospel is in our
lives! It's awesome to see her little girls face when she sees that
mommy isn't drinking or smoking anymore, so special!

I love you all, and it is so great to be out here! Stay positive and
keep going even when life gets hard! I know that our Savior Jesus
Christ lives, and that testimony is something I hope to treasure for
the rest of my life! Have an amazing week!

Love,
Elder Folkman