+++
title = "ยก2017!"
date = "2017-01-02"
tags = ["Elder McFarlane", "Phoenix", "South Mountain Ward"]
banner = "banners/2017_01_02_0.JPG"
+++

Oh man, I haven't emailed you guys since last year! Pretty crazy how
time flies, especially on the mish. This week was another good one,
just like every week haha! Hope everyone was safe and enjoyed the
holidays!

Monday night was crazy! We had a miracle happen, it was so awesome. We
were just walking around in this trailer park and then we saw this guy
working on his car. We stopped to ask if he needed help, then we got
to talking. Turns out he has had some rough past couple of years with
deaths in the family. We testified that his Heavenly Father was still
there for him and loved him, and that he sent his son Jesus Christ so
that he could comfort us during the hard times. He was crying, and I
was crying (probably just had something in my eye though haha).
Honestly super cool, hopefully we can continue to meet with him!

Tuesday was a solid day. We found some people that we had lost track
of because of the holidays and what not. We also stopped by this old
lady who can't go to church anymore, but is still the nicest person.
All of her family aren't members too, so we are trying to start
working with them! Then we got to talk to this new family about the
Book of Mormon! Pretty awesome book, I would recommend it to all
looking to learn more about Jesus Christ and our Heavenly Fathers plan
for us!

Wednesday we got the bikes out and just went for it. We had a lot of
teaching opportunities and found new people! I can't say that any of
them are super awesome right now, but if we keep working hard we have
to find the ones that are haha. It really is cool that we get to share
the gospel with everyone though!

Thursday I went on exchanges with Elder Patton again! It's been cool
to serve around him. We ended up knocking some doors, and he used to
serve in Guatemala so he is a pro at that. I definitely learned a lot
about how to just be a normal person and explain to people that this
message is awesome! Also we went out to chipotle for lunch and a
member paid for us! That's how you know your following the spirit
haha.

Friday was a super cool day too! We talked to this girl who lives in
Cali but was visiting. At the end of the lesson she prayed to know if
Jospeh Smith was a prophet! That never happens! She is going to have
the missionaries in Cali keep teaching her! Pretty cool. Then at night
we stopped by a less active, who really should be active. He is the
coolest guy and does everything except go to church. We had an awesome
lesson with him and his wife, and they want to get sealed in the
temple as a family! They are great.

Saturday was New Year's Eve, so we had to be in by 6. They said they
would take our driving privilege away if we were late so it was pretty
serious haha. We still ended up having 5 teaching opportunities before
6 though! Then we got to rest a little at home, it was pretty nice not
going to lie.

Sunday was pretty cool. Manuel keeps coming to church every Sunday
like the baller he is. Then at night we had a lesson around a fire
pit! Being a missionary is super cool. Who else gets to just chill
around a fire with a family they have never met, in a state they have
never been, and talk about the Book of Mormon?

Hope everything is going smoothly for every, wherever they may be.
2017 is going to be an awesome year p, I can already tell! We also are
finally dropping the Christmas Rap! I know you all were anxiously
waiting, but we couldn't get it out last week so here it is. Have a
great week!

Love,
Elder Folkman