+++
title = "It's a Trap!"
date = "2017-10-16"
tags = ["Elder Gleason", "Elder Denton", "Ajo and Gila Bend", "District Leader", "Trainer"]
banner = "banners/2017_10_16_0.JPG"
+++

Hola! Como están? Hope you had an awesome week! Cause I know I did! We
out here getting work done in Ajo and Gila Bend. It's been very
humbling to see the hand of the Lord in this work, I know that he is
guiding us. It's so much fun being out here and serving!

Monday night was sooooo sick, we found our most promising investigator
right at the perfect time! Before that though we had a lesson with
your boy, Roy, who is basically blind but I'd so cool! He is really
anxious to keep learning, which is what I love about him. Then the
miracle happened when we found Sonny. He had an appointment with his
ex-wife who lives with him, but she wasn't there. So we left, but then
we came back cause we felt like we shouldn't give up on them and we
met Sonny! It was so cool because he told us that right as we showed
up we stopped him from going to go by a beer, and he hadn't had a
drink in over 20 years. He was in a very depressed state, but we
reminded him that God loves him! So cool!

Tuesday was also solid, but we had to go to Chandler to get a nail out
of the tire... Which took 3 hours... Then we had to drive back which
was another hour and a half! Fun stuff! We were on exchanges with our
zone leaders Elder Gonzalez, so he did the Baptismal interview for
Yadira and Miguel who should be baptized pretty soon, so that was
good!

Wednesday was a good day down in Ajo! We had some pretty great
lessons! First we met with Arturo, who I think mentioned last week,
but he is awesome! We got to explain to him that Heavenly Father has a
plan for us to get back to him through the Gospel! What an amazing
truth! We also met with CJ, she almost dropped us, but now we are
meeting again. She really wants to be baptized, but wants to know more
of who Jesus Christ is! We can help with that! Haha. We also contacted
a few people in Gila Bend too!

Thursday! Zone Conference day! So yeah we went to Casa Grande for some
training, and it was really solid! That takes a lot of the day though,
that's the only thing that's bad. However, we did teach Sonny again
and it was a great lesson! We taught him about the Book of Mormon, and
he says if he finds the truth of it he will be baptized! Let's go! I
know that he will be so blessed as he makes that covenant!

Friday was also awesome! We had weekly planing and all that good
stuff, so that's always good. Then we also taught Erika again, who we
taught my first day here! And we testified hard core that the Book of
Mormon is the word of God and can bring her closer to God. The spirit
was really intense, so it was a good lesson! We also met a few new
investigators and connected with some formers. All and all a good day!

Saturday we had a lesson with a Jehovas Witness who basically just
wanted to Bible bash haha. We just decided that we won't be able to
convert each other and parted ways haha, it was kind of funny haha.
Great guy. Then we also did service and had a lesson with Jon Cameron,
and he is really close to baptism! Like so close, he just needs a few
more questions answered, but he will get there. Arturo also fed us
dinner! He is so awesome, I'll put some pics.

Sunday we had a great day! It was my first time in the Gila Bend
branch, so it was really fun! I loved getting to know the members and
we also got to meet with the ward leadership and show them we are
working hard! We also met with Roy again, and he is praying about the
Book of Mormon and getting answers! He is also pretty close, he just
needs to know more! And we also prayed with Sonny because he is going
through some hard stuff right now.

Great week again! Love you all! Have a good one!

Love,
Elder Folkman