+++
title = "General Conference"
date = "2017-04-03"
tags = ["Elder Toranzo", "Gilbert"]
banner = "banners/2017_04_03_0.jpg"
+++

Conference was so good! I could have predicted that though! If you
missed it make sure you check is out! Such a blessing to have living
prophets that lead and guide us! This week was another great one too,
let's see what happened!

Monday night we did a lot of finding and had a cool experience with a
young man named Sergio. He knows the story of Joseph Smith really
well, but had never had his own Book of Mormon. We got to explain it
to him and get him started reading. Hopefully haha. It's cool that
even at a young age we can understand the principles of the Gospel and
how they can help throughout our whole life.

Tuesday we had President Interviews! He basically just comes down and
talks to all of us, and he is the best so it's always fun. The scary
part is that means transfers are coming up! We also finally got to
teach our long lost investigator Alex again! Now he is going to start
reading too, so cool! He had a lot of good questions, and really is
looking for the truth so I know he will find it in the Book of Mormon!

Wednesday we had exchanges so I took over the area with Elder Grover
who doesn't speak any Spanish haha. It was super fun! Nothing helps
you speak better Spanish when your the only one who can. We met a new
investigator who has an awesome young family! We also got to teach
lessons to two less actives who are now planning on going to the
Easter Pageant this Saturday! That's going to be so awesome!

Thursday we got to be there to support one of the older families in
our ward. They wanted us to come over, the sweetest couple you have
ever met I promise! We also met another new investigator from Mexico.
This time she is going back with a Book of Mormon though! We never
know what might happen! She really appreciated us stopping by though
and has seen missionaries there too!

Friday we were blessed to find two cool teaching opportunities. The
first was with a lady who just lost her stepmother. She really needed
the comfort that comes from knowing that we will see out family again
after this life. She already shared that belief with us and we were
able to invite the spirit to confirm it's truthfulness. Then we met up
to with these two kids who we are slowly teaching, that opened up to
us about their religious beliefs. I've noticed that a lot of younger
people have very pure hearts and want to do what's right, so cool!

Saturday was General Conference, so that took up a lot of time. It was
well spent though! I loved all the speakers, and had a few that jumped
out to me. A theme that I noticed was coming to know what it means to
be a true disciple and to be all in in the Gospel. I'm going to be
working on that! And we got to meet a new family that are seriously
super cool! Hopefully I'll be able to talk about them in the future
more!

Sunday was also conference and this time I felt like the major theme
was following and recognizing the spirit. I think my favorite talk was
Elder Rasband, especially about following the first promptings from
the spirit. Sunday we also found a less active that doesn't even have
his records here. He was baptized a long time ago when he was younger,
but now wants to know what the Gospel really is! Awesome experiences

That's about all. Next week should be really good. We are going to the
temple tomorrow! And on Saturday we will be going to the Easter
Pageant! I hope you all have a great week! Talk to you later! Love you
all!

Love,
Elder Folkman