+++
title = "Baptism in Phoenix!"
date = "2017-03-13"
tags = ["Elder Toranzo", "Gilbert"]
banner = "banners/2017_03_13_0.jpg"
+++

What's up everyone?! This week was amazing! Some many cool experiences
to be had out on the mish, I love it. We are just going hard out here
in Gilbert and it's so much fun. Also I got to go back to Phoenix for
the baptism of a family that I taught! Let me tell you what went down
haha.

Monday night we got to visit a less active who just recently got back
from the hospital. He was really happy to see us and we got to talk to
him for a bit. We just testified that Jesus Christ suffered for all
thatcwe go through, not just for our sins. He is going to be with us
always, and knows exactly what we are going through. I know that's
true!

Tuesday we had a couple lessons and visited a lot of people! We have
been teaching some young men that are super funny. We have a group
chat and sometimes they are on at like 12am haha. Facebook is a super
good way to share the gospel, the church even puts out all the good
videos that we just have to share!

Wednesday we taught an awesome lesson with La familia Leandros and our
investigator Florencia. The Leandros recently got sealed in the Temple
so they shared their experience with Florencia and her boyfriend. It
really is amazing that our Heavenly Father has given us the ability to
seal our families for time and all eternity! How sick is that! I know
that Florencia felt the spirit and she said that she knows she needs
to get baptized!

Thursday we got to do service at the same place as last week. This
time I figured out that they send clothes all over the place like to
Mexico and other countries! They are super cool! Then we tried to get
everyone to the soccer activity. It was pretty good, lots of members
are coming and we are working hard to get everyone!

Friday we stopped by a ton of less actives! A lot of times people fall
away from the church for things we call help them with! We are just
trying to show them that they are still loved and we just want to help
them out. Now we have at least one that wants to meet with us with her
family who aren't members! Well see what happens!

Saturday we had a solid day! We got to have a Skype lesson with Javier
who is getting baptized on the 25th, he is super awesome. He just gets
everything and is ready to live it all! Technology is super awesome,
it let's us keep in contact with him always! Then we got to cook some
Carne asada burritos with some members. Super good!

Sunday was one of the best days of my life! The Soto Family got
baptized! I don't know if you remember, but we taught them in Phoenix
and we're with them as they first went to church, Read the Book of
Mormon, and starting feeling the spirit! After the baptism Elena told
me that they want to get sealed in the Temple, you can't dream it
better than that! It was so cool to see them make that very important
Covenant with their Heavenly Father! And Javier was there too and got
to see how everything was, and he loved it!

It's just so awesome to be out here serving. Next week should be
another solid week with more cool experiences! I hope you are all
good, I'm keeping you in my prayers. Love and miss you all! Have a
good one!

Love,
Elder Folkman
