+++
title = "Biking!"
date = "2017-05-08"
tags = ["Elder Toranzo", "Chandler"]
banner = "banners/2017_05_08_0.jpg"
+++

Another great week out here in AZ. It is getting pretty hot out here
haha, but it cooled down on the weekend. This week we were out there
biking around more too, which was way fun. Hope you all had a good one
too!

Monday night we build the whole night, and saw some blessings for the
sacrifice! We went to talk to two investigators who we are planning on
droping, but they both suprised us! The first had prayed about Joseph
Smith, and actually allowed us to teach him really quick! Then the
other told us how he is sorry he has been blowing us off and set a
return appointment!

Tuesday we saw some great progress in less actives! We have been
working with one young man named Rueben, and we finally had a
breakthrough. We taught him the Gospel of Jesus Christ, which consists
of faith, repentance, baptism, the Holy Ghost, and enduring to the
end. This is an ongoing process that we all should strive to live
everyday, and Rueben recognized that he hasn't been. We can all
reflect on how we live each of these principles, and strive to be
better everyday. What we should never do is give up on these things,
no matter what we have done or haven't done, rember that Heavenly
Father is the one who is cheering the most for each one of us to do
our best!

Wednesday was also a solid day. We finally got to teach Lesly, who we
found a while ago! We set expectations of us helping her to follow
Jesus Christ and explained how the Book of Mormon testifies that Jesus
Christ's church had been restored. Teaching others about the Book of
Mormon has been one of the real joys of my mission. This book has
blessed my life more than I can even say. I feel it's power and truth
as I read, ponder, and pray about its teachings.

Thursday was a super good day! We started the day off with service for
FANS again, and that was fun as always. Then we got to teach your boi
Victor! He is a new investigator that is super cool, he is also super
humble and ready to change. We asked him if there was anything we
could do before leaving after the lesson and he said, "just keep
coming". Something that really has impacted him is the example of his
nephews and nieces that are Mormon, how they are so faithful, even
though they are young. So I just wanted to let you all know that your
example is super important as a member, and that you might not even
know the effect it has on someone else! Then we had a hand of lesson
to give one of our investigators that are more comfortable in English
to the other elders. They are super cool I love them, they are in good
hands though!

Friday, we were able to find a couple new people! It was pretty solid
day, but it was hot. I think the hottest it's been since I've been
here, I'm not excited for that to keep happening haha. Well have to
see if any of the people we have start to progress that we found
today, the I'll tell you about em haha.

Saturday we also had lots of time to find. Today it was super windy
and not as hot, so that was good. Bishop had us over for dinner, and
we had some bomb Carne asada tacos. Man that stuffs good. Then we had
a couple of lessons fall though at night. But it was all good cause we
found a super humble man named Freddie who was very grateful for the
message of the Restoration we shared with him. Sometimes plans don't
always work out, but our Heavenly Father always has a plan, that's
pretty cool.

Sunday was also a super good day. Church was solid although not
everyone that we wanted to showed up. We have been having lots of
lessons on Family History work, and I recently have been obsessed with
reading the stories on family tree. That app is super cool, and I'm
definitely grateful for all the people who have put all that stuff in
there and done the work for our ancestors. I need to repent and do
more family history work when I get back haha. We also got to bike all
night Sunday too!

So yep that was about it. I hope you all are doing well and loving
life! It's amazing being out here on the mission, I love it so much.
Have an awesome week!