+++
title = "Staying in Chandler!"
date = "2017-07-10"
tags = ["Elder Ostrander", "Chandler", "District Leader", "Trainer"]
banner = "banners/2017_07_10_0.JPG"
+++

Hey everyone! This week has been pretty crazy! Im staying in Chandler, and Elder Toranzo is now chilling at home haha. And I got my new companion, Elder Ostrander! He is brand new out in the field, so im going to be his trainer! He actually is waiting for his visa to go to Guatemala, so that's super cool! Hope you all had a great week too!

Monday I was in a trio with some other Spanish missionaries, Elder Mendoza and McFarlane. It was super fun, it kind of felt like I was a priest going on splits again haha. We got to teach some of their investigators and what not, and got two dinners cause we were covering both our areas!

Tuesday I was still with them, but since it was 4th of July we had to be in by 6pm. In the morning we helped a less active lady paint her fence, in the 100+ degree weather! It was actually pretty fun though haha. Then we had district meeting, which was pretty funny. We had an Elder Skype in from the airport on his layover going home! Then I used the time after 6 to do some drawing, maybe ill send a pic of the sketch.

Wednesday I the companionship united! Elder Ostrander is 19 and from Tennessee. He is super chill and also hard working. I have been surprised by his genuine love for all the people! Its also fun trying to teach him Spanish, reminds me of when I was born haha. Today we also set up a time to go to the temple with our recent convert, Hermano Ocampo! so excited!

Thursday was a super cool day! Elder Ostrander invited his first person ever to be baptized! and they basically said no haha. It was still super cool though! It actually helped us open up the conversation a lot and she definitely felt the spirit! We had a few other visits throughout the night aswell, so it was a solid day!

Friday we had the most bomb lesson with Florencia! I think some of you might notice that I write about her like every week, its cause we have been teaching her forever haha. Tonight though we went over the baptismal interview questions and she is super ready, she said that she will be baptized she just needs a little more time! Her whole attitude changed, she was actually excited and happy and wanted to go to church! so cool

Saturday we had a few interesting experiences. We talked to this one guy Andres who was drinking during the conversation haha. He says he has his bible so he is all good! Its better than nothing, but I have come to know that we receive blessings as we strive our hardest to keep getting better and seeking for truth. We also met a cool guy named Abe, whos whole family got baptized except him. He says he just worked to much to meet with the missionaries, if only I had a dollar for every time I heard that haha. He is cool though and we hope to talk to him again!

Sunday was amazing! Florencia came all by herself in her own car! I was so happy, it shows that she is actually serious about changing! On top of that we had another investigator, Matilde, come for the second time in a row. She loves church and is super ready for the Gsopel!

Expect big things this transfer everyone, its going to be so much fun! I love you all, and hope you all are doing good. Remember to keep a prayer in your heart always!

Love.
Elder Folkman