+++
title = "Khalani's Big Day!"
date = "2017-08-14"
tags = ["Elder Ostrander", "Chandler", "District Leader", "Trainer"]
banner = "banners/2017_08_14_0.JPG"
+++

What's good everyone! ¿Que dice la buena vida? Another awesome week
out here in AZ! Just about getting used to the 100+ degree weather
haha. This week I had to say goodbye to my companion and first child,
Elder Ostrander. It was sad but he is in a better place now
(Guatemala). I'm excited to see what next transfer brings, I should
know my new comp on Wednesday!

This Monday was Noche de Hogar (Family Home Evening) with the ward! It
was really good, we had Matilde and Ernesto there! It was all about
family history, and the little kids of the primary told us about their
ancestors! It was a great night!

Tuesday I was on exchanges with Elder Pavloakos! We had a crazy day
though, filled with a ton of meetings... The worst. We had Zone
Meeting, then Correlation meeting, then interviews with President
Christensen. So it was a good day, just a little long and tiring haha.
I guess it's good to get all the meetings out of the way!

Wednesday was full of teaching! Yeah! We taught Martha, the mother of
one of our members, and we actually got her interested in family
history! Her granddaughter was one of the children that presented her
story about her ancestors, so Martha asked us why that was important N
our church! Awesome opportunity to explain how families are forever
and that we need to do ordinances like baptism for those who didn't
have the chance in this life! Then we also taught Khalani and got her
ready for her baptism, she was already super ready! Finished by
teaching the Dimas Family about how to do family history work too!

Thursday was exchanges with Elder Ward! We had a solid day! Taught a
crazy lesson to Efrain, but he saudnuf he comes to know what we teach
us true he will be baptized! Good step! Then at night, Khalani passed
her interview for baptism and was really excited! That was great too
see! Then, even though we didn't have much time and it was late we
went out contacting and set up two return appointments! Gotta have
faith!

Friday was Khalani's baptism, and it all went really well. She had a
ton of family come to support and the ward too! We also had a few
investigators, including Matilde! It was just so awesome to see her
make that Covenant with God that will bless her and her family. Her
mom was crying as she said the opening prayer to the meeting. The
feels. So yeah that was a special day!

Saturday we were invited by the stake to participate in a youth
activity. Me and my companion were on a panel and helped kids to feel
better prepared to answer gospel questions that their friends might
have. It was lots of fun! We also had a great lesson with Matilde, and
she is super prepared for the Gospel. She said as she watched the
video at the baptism about Joseph Smith she had an unexplainable
feeling come over her, and she knows it's true! So awesome!

Sunday wad the temple dedication for the Tucson Arizona temple, so we
were able to go to the broadcast. Sadly, there were no regular church
services, which also means no investigators were able to go to church
throughout all of Arizona haha. Then Elder Ostrander left for
Guatemala 😭. He'll do great! Now I'm with Elder Slater and Siebers so
we had a good day together! We gave a church tour to Efrain, so it was
really awesome!

I hope you all have a great week! I know that out Heavenly Father
loves us, so confide in Him! It's so amazing to be a missionary, and
what's even better is that everyone can share the gospel! Talk to you
next week!

Love,
Elder Folkman