+++
title = "Easter Pageant!"
date = "2017-04-10"
tags = ["Elder Toranzo", "Gilbert"]
banner = "banners/2017_04_10_0.jpg"
+++

Another awesome week! We got to go to the Gilbert Temple and the
Easter Pageant! So many blessings coming every day, it's so cool. I
hope you all are good, wherever you might be! It's crazy how time is
going by, this next week is Transfers, so I might be somewhere
different next time I email!

Monday night we had a great night! The church came out with the new
Easter Video, Prince of Peace! So Monday we had two opportunities to
share it and explain how we can help people find that peace in their
lives. The first was with the same lady who lost her mother in law the
last week. She was very appreciative of the message and we were able
to explain more of the plan of salvation to comfort her in this hard
time. Then we showed it to Florencia and a bunch of kids that she
takes care of. The kids really liked it, it's cool how much they love
seeing Jesus haha.

Tuesday we went to the Temple! It was so great, I can't even explain
how much comfort it gives me as I get to go to the temple. The Gilbert
Temple is so beautiful, it's crazy. We got some pretty quality pics
too, including my new profile pic. Not even a big deal. Then we met
with two less active families who are way cool! I would encourage
everyone to just try to reach out to those they haven't seen at church
for a while. Sometimes all the need is someone to light that fire
again.

Wednesday was a solid day. We had 3 lessons fall through haha. It's
funny what happens when Heavenly Father needs you somewhere else. It
was way cool because we were able to teach a part member family, well
the family is all members but they have a friend living with them. She
has been kind of distancing herself from the church but we had a solid
lesson in which everyone bore testimony of how the Gospel has blessed
them. Spirit was way strong.

Thursday also was a great day! We got to get our weekly service in at
FANS again, which is always fun. There will never be a lack of baby
clothes over there I swear haha. Then we visited a lot of people in
the afternoon and we got to meet some new people so we will see what
happens! At night we had success with the sport activity, some
investigators and less actives came! Also, I couldn't miss from the 3
point line, but that's not too important haha.

Friday we had some really cool experiences haha. First off, we talked
to some guy who was very concerned about what happened to Noahs Ark
haha. He has some strange beliefs and is Catholic but ripped on his
own church, wasn't quite sure how to respond. We got to leave him with
our testimonies and a Restoration Pamphlet though! Then we had dinner
with a part member couple, the husband isn't a member. He has felt
pressured to get baptized before, so we are taking it slow and giving
it time. He is super cool, and we had a very spiritual lesson about
how the Gospel never stops and we are always trying to get better!
Finally, we taught Javier about the priesthood and he is super stoked
to get it soon! Super cool to see how he has grown!

Saturday was the Easter Pageant! We had a good turn out, which was
very cool to see. There is only one day in Spanish so we also saw many
other wards from all around AZ! It was fun to catch up with the other
wards I have been in! The actual event was super cool, my first time.
The life of Jesus Christ is so amazing. Definitely strengthen my
testimony of his love for everyone, that same love that lead him to
die for us. But more importantly, he raised after 3 days and he lives
today! God's plan for us is truly amazing!

Sunday was also a cool day! We had a miracle knocking this random door
in the middle of the night. I felt like we had to knock it even though
it was super dark and we were in some random place haha. This guy
Efrain opened up and he is super cool and was really grateful that we
stopped by!

Overall another great week! Next week is Transfers so who knows what's
in store. Hope you all have another good one! Love you!
