+++
title = "Merry Christmas!!"
date = "2017-12-18"
banner = "banners/2017_12_18_0.JPG"
+++

What a week it has been! Merry Christmas to all!! It's a wonderful
time of the year! Transfers came into today, and it turns out im going
to be staying in Ajo full time, instead of covering Gila Bend and Ajo!
And Elder Denton is still my companion! Elder Gleason got transfer to
Chandler and is going to be a district leader!

So I don't have so much time today, so I will hit the highlights!

First off, Tito is your boi!! He is doing super awesome! We were able
to have two lessons this week, kind of, and he is reading the Book of
Mormon!! He said he feels really good about it and he doesn't know
why! #HolyGhost! I know that God will make it know to everyone who
reads and prays about it, that it is true!

This week we also had our Christmas Party in the Gila Bend Branch! It
was really fun to get everyone together, and we were able to have some
investigators come! Then we all left to go caroling on a big flat bed
trailer! It was way cool, especially to see the reaction of all the
people! Some random people even came out from the same complexes!

Besides that, we are still teaching some of the same peeps! We have
seen some miracles! Especially with Miguel, who is kind of knew, and
also wants to know if the Book of Mormon is true!! He is asking all
the right questions, and is super excited to keep learning more! We
met some new people this week too!

Most of all, we have just been enjoying the spirit of Christmas! I
know that my Savior lives! Try to rember him this last week before the
big day! Love you all! I'm so excited to hit the streets of Ajo and
help as many people as I can!

Love,
Elder Folkman