+++
title = "No tomaré café"
date = "2017-02-06"
tags = ["Elder Cherry", "Casa Grande"]
banner = "banners/2017_02_06_0.JPG"
+++

What's good fam? This week will go down on the record books as another
awesome week on the mission haha. It truly is awesome just to be a
small part in the Lords work to bring happiness to all of his
children! I guess we will just jump into then.

Monday night was super funny haha. We went looking for a referral at
night, so we couldn't see any of the house numbers or anything.
Eventually, we gave up the search and went by Alma and her family who
lived super close. We taught them, then at the end told them about how
we could find the house. So, they got there tablet out and look it up
on Google maps for the next half hour, and we weren't any closer to
knowing where it was haha. Alma even went looking the next day and
said the address doesn't exist haha.

Tuesday was a super solid day. We had 5 lessons actually like sitting
down and talking! First we went by Domingo, aka hound dog haha. He is
this old guy who says his friends used to call him hound dog after
that Elvis Presley song, he is funny. Then we had a miracle with Jose
and Francis. They are an older couple that always drink coffee in the
morning, but we finally had to tell them about the Word of Wisdom. To
our suprise it went super well, and Jose wrote in the plans section
"no tomaré café". That means "I won't drink coffee!" I know that they
will be blessed for living the Word of Wisdom! Then we had another
miracle with this new investigator Eucebio! We were just thinking of
who to visit then all of the sudden I thought to call him and he said
we could come over! We had a sick lesson with him and he is super
prepared for the Gospel! The Holy Ghost is awesome!

Wednesday we taught all the Ramon we know! There are only two haha.
For the first Ramon we made the mistake of bring Hermano Delgado with
us who is his long time friend. They basically just talked for an hour
and we tried to guide the conversation toward the Gospel haha. Ramon
is super nice, he believes in God and Jesus Christ but not really in
religion. I have found that a lot of people feel like that, makes me
realize how blessed we are to be lead by modern prophets and have more
guidance to follow Jesus Christ. Then we visited the other Ramon,
which always feels like visiting your grandpa. He is just super nice
and wants to give us stuff and loves having our company. It's been
hard for him lately, so we are just trying to show him the love of
Christ and his Heavenly Father!

Thursday we had a zone conference which was pretty good. Learned a
lot. Then we helped this family move for three hours! It was pretty
intense cause we were bringing everything down from the upstairs. They
are a Catholic family that is super awesome and nice! Then our member,
Hermano Favela, bought us some McDonald's! Some cop showed up looking
for a guy who just had a stroke too, but he wasn't there. That was
just kind of weird haha.

Friday we helped the same family move for another 3 hours! They had a
lot of stuff haha. It was really fun though and good to get to know
the family, they say we can come back whenever to visit! Then I gave a
blessing to one of our members in Spanish, super cool experience! We
finished the night off with another lesson with Eucebio, this guy is a
baller and is going to start reading the Book of Mormon!

Saturday was pretty good too. We taught a less active Hermano who has
had a hard time getting to church. He works the night shift so he
usually sleeps during the day, and sometimes they call him in to work
Sundays. It was nice to get to talk to them and show them that we miss
em at church!  Then, we found a new investigator who seems really nice
and this guy Luis who said he was for sure going to church has but
didn't show haha. Then we taught Alma over FB about the importance of
the priesthood authority. It's such a blessing gto know that we have
that authority of God restored today to bless our families and loved
ones!

Sunday was the first super bowl I remember missing in my life haha.
Glad I didn't watch it though cause the Patriots probably cheated to
win haha. It was a super good day though! We taught Eduardo, the
atheist, the plan of salvation! It definitely changed what he thinks
about this life and God. He's going to pray to know if it's true! I
know that our Heavenly Father really does have a plan for each one of
us to be happy!

I just want to leave you guys with my testimony again. I know that
Jesus Christ lives and loves us. I know that Joseph Smith was called
to be God's prophet to restore all the blessings that he has for us!
If you want to know too just read that Book of Mormon and ask God!
Have a great week, miss you and love you!

Tbt to Phoenix. We really have to get more pics haha.