+++
title = "Never Give Up!"
date = "2017-01-16"
tags = ["Elder McFarlane", "Phoenix", "South Mountain Ward"]
banner = "banners/2017_01_16_0.jpg"
+++

How's it going everyone?! This week I'm just feeling super blessed to
be out here in AZ as a missionary. Some super cool stuff happened this
week that made all the hard work worth it! Never give up! Haha.

Monday night was pretty sick. We went out and talked to this older
lady and her friend that we met last week, and it turns out they are
super cool. In the first lesson one of the lady's, Elena, was asking
us when church started and where it was before we even brought it up!
They didn't end up going this week because it was stake Conference,
but they are there for sure next week! Then we taught this guy Pascual
who gave us authentic Mexican coke! I heard it was like way better,
but it doesn't taste that different honestly haha.

Tuesday was also awesome! Highlight of the day was definitely with
Cesar. This guy is legit, he is doing everything we ask him too and
noticing the differences in his life! Tuesday night we taught him how
to pray and he offered his first pray with us!! Now he prays every day
when he gets up for work, and he says it has made his work way better!
That is way cool, and he is reading the Book of Mormon.

Wednesday we found this guy who has the best name ever. We asked him
what his name was, and I could have sworn he said "I got pizza". We
asked him again and it sounded exactly the same it was the funniest
thing ever. He had to spell it out for us, turns out its Agapito! He's
a cool guy. Then we went out with Hermano Ochoa the best member there
is. I can't even describe it but this guy is a spiritual giant, he
converted 30 years ago and now is just awesome.

Thursday was slightly less cool. We were struggling to find anyone at
home in the afternoon, but then it picked up. We did find some new
people and taught Cesar again! We taught him about where the Book of
Mormon came from, and how it is an ancient record of scripture that
was translated by Joseph smith. The cool part is that is the Book is
true it means that Joseph Smith was a prophet and that the church is
true. So you could say it's an important book haha. He's going to
start reading and praying about it to know for himself!

Friday was a little better cause we got to meet Enrique! This guy is
awesome! We met him and gave him a Book of Mormon on the spot cause he
was so prepared for it! He knows he needs to read it and study it to
know if it's true. We said a prayer with him and he was crying, so
sick! Those kind of experiences are the best!

Saturday was the miracle day! We went back to Elenas house, and it
turns out they are golden! They came to church with us and everything!
She is carrying a Book of Mormon in her purse! Her husband is also
super supportive and said that he felt the spirit at church! So that's
basically what happened Sunday, and that was super cool!

Overall just a great week, and we're starting to see people progress!
Next week is Transfers so we will see if I'm still going to be here in
Phoenix next week. I hope you yes have a great week wherever you are!
Miss you and love you!

Love,
Elder Folkman