+++
title = "Gratitude!"
date = "2017-11-20"
banner = "banners/2017_11_20_0.JPG"
+++

What's good everyone?! It's been another great week! Hope you had the
same! It's crazy that Thanksgiving is right around the corner, it's
going to be so awesome! Then comes Christmas! I love this time of
year, hope you guys have a great holiday season!

Monday night was a good one! We were able to contact a lot of people
actually! We had one lesson with Antonio and I think he is coming
around, sounds like he really wants to know if this really is the true
church! But then again that guy is really confusing haha.

Tuesday we had a very interesting day, in a good way! We found a new
family of three that we are going to start teaching, the parents are
named Ivan and Lucia. They are very humble and even fed us dinner on
the spot! I love the poeple here! Then we had the interesting part
when we went to visit a member who lives out in the middle of nowhere
haha. They are a part member family, but there kids are insane! So
yeah that was fun, not to mention we got super lost trying to find it
haha.

Wednesday was sooooo good! We taught Arturo and actually kind of had a
breakthrough, where now he understands he has to put in his own effort
to know the Book of Mormon is true! And he's going to do it! Then we
taught the Correa family! They are so cool, and we had Brother Adams
with us. We taught the Plan of salvation and they got it super well,
so we'll that the wife literally taught her kid exactly what we had
explained! So cool! They are definitely close to getting their answers
and getting baptized!

Thursday we had another great day with Malin Lewis, one of the
greatest men in earth. First we taught this new guy Jerry who was kind
of odd haha. He had some weird conspiracy theories that he had found
on YouTube so that's always good! Then we met with the Lyman family
who are doing very good and cake to church last week! We talked just
about prayer and how essential it is! I know that God really does love
us and wants to hear from us! So pray! We also taught CJ and she still
wants to be baptized, we have some stuff to get over, but anything is
possible!

Friday was a packed day, but not in the normal sense. First we had to
drive all the way to Casa Grande, about 2 hours, for a Zone
Conference. It was really good! Then we went back to Maricopa, one
hour, and had a stake youth activity. They were putting on a mock MTC,
so they invited the full time missionaries to demonstrate some
teaching skills to the kids. We were placed in the "Argentina Mission"
and got to help out for the night! It was way fun, then we drove back
to Gila Bend, one hour, and that was the day!

Saturday was so fun! We taught Arturo, and he is reading from the
Book! So hype! Then we also taught Jesus, Jesus Castañon that is, but
he doesn't seem extremely interested. He is nice, but he just invited
us to his church. I'm sure it would be a good service, but we can't
really do that haha. We had dinner with the Hunts, who have 7 cats, so
that was fun for my allergies. Then we met with Mikhail who is reading
and praying! He is hard to read sometimes, but I'm pretty he is
actually way interested. He is going home to virgina for a week and he
said the first thing he packed was his Book of Mormon! We also met
with our bishop and his family tonight and they are sooo awesome! We
talked about #LightTheWorld, you can check it out on Mormon.org.

Sunday was sick! ALFONSO came to church, that's the familia Correa! So
that was way cool, the sad part was we were in Ajo and he loves in
Gila Bend haha. Still sweet. That day all of us gave talks too P, on
Gratitude and the all went good! We also taught Arturo, some member
families, and had dinner with an amazing old couple who are awesome!

So life is good! The gospel is true! Hope you have an awesome week,
and Thanksgiving! Be thankful!

Love,
Elder Folkman