+++
title = "Apostolic Visit! Almost"
date = "2017-09-18"
tags = ["Elder Ostrander", "Chandler", "District Leader", "Trainer"]
banner = "banners/2017_09_18_0.JPG"
+++

This week was another good one!! How are you all doing?? Hope it's
going good! We have had some cool experiences this week, and it was a
blast! I'll try to include all the best stuff!

Monday night was Noche de Hogar! Which is family home evening. We were
in charge of it, so we decided to share a quick message on the plan of
salvation. It was pretty solid, then after we asked all of the members
to think about who they know that could use this information. Ask
yourself, who has recently gone through a death in the family? Who
recently had a child? Who just moved into the area? Then reach out to
those people!

Tuesday we were visited as a mission by Elder Corbridge of the
seventy! He shared a very solid message with us about "the most
important thing". He boiled down the most important part of the Gospel
to two things: Redemption from sin, and the Power of the Holy Ghost.
When we think about it, all of the blessings we enjoy come from the
Holy Ghost. That's why we teach people about how they can repent, be
baptized, and recieve the Gift of the Holy Ghost! Pretty awesome!
Today we also taught Norka, one of our progressing investigators! And
we taught an English class and had a few investigators come!

Wednesday was an awesome day! Awesome! We had a bunch of lessons, and
it was cool because we just put our selves out there and talk to
everyone we saw! It's crazy how the spirit can just take over and let
you know what to say to these complete strangers haha. One particular
experience I could share was with Maria, who was weeding with a shovel
haha. We went up and it was obvious she didn't want to talk to us, but
as we started to testify of Christ, her heart was opened. It was
really cool to see her open up to us and invite us back!

Thursday was another awesome day! All days are awesome haha. Today we
had the unique experience to help a lady who came into FANS. We
volunteer at FANS every week, and this time a Hispanic lady came in
who just lost everything in a fire that burnt her whole house around.
I was the only one there who spoke Spanish, so I got to show her
around and get her the things she needed, like blankets, jackets,
pots, etc. Very cool. We also had a few other lessons, including a
meeting with Matilde! She is doing pretty good, even though she has a
lot on her plate.

Friday was a solid day too! We did have a few lessons cancel, but that
gave us time to find other people! We like to just go and find the
next person we see whenever a lesson cancels, because there is a
reason that we are in the area. It's been pretty cool to see the
people we get to meet! Today we met one guy who has basically lost all
of his faith, and it was sad to see. It was good through because we
were at least able to share our testimonies and let him know that God
loves him! Hope that helped!

Saturday we were supposed to have a visit from Elder Rasband of the
quorum of the twelve apostles, but he had to fufill another
responsibility in Texas to help those affected by the storms. Instead
we had Elder Clayton, president of the seventy, come and visit us!
Something that impacted me a lot was that being an example is not just
limited to when people see you, it has to do a lot with how you act
when you are alone. Food for thought. Today we also met a nice couple
by talking to everyone, they are very interested in learning some
English! We also taught Ignacio again, a former investigator, he is
good but still not too interested haha.

Then Sunday! It was good! Ernesto and Norka made it out to church so
that was awesome! Then, we also had a really cool moment. I was
chillin in personal study and just felt like we had to visit Matilde
right then. So we did, and right as we got there she pulled up, and
really needed our visit. So glad we were able to follow the spirit,
even though it came at a weird time. We also taught some more English
to our favorite student, Francisco. He asks us really hard questions,
like the difference between should, would, and could haha.

You guys are the best! Have an awesome week! I'm so glad to be out
here in AZ preaching the Gospel, especially now that it's cooling
down! Love you all!

Love,
Elder Folkman