+++
title = "The Book of Mormon is Awesome!"
date = "2017-09-25"
tags = ["Elder Ostrander", "Chandler", "District Leader", "Trainer"]
banner = "banners/2017_09_25_0.JPG"
+++

Hey everyone! What's good? Hope all is well, and that life is treating
you good! This week was another solid week, which is to be expected.
It's stating to get cooler! Let's go! So yeah life is good, let's see
what happened this week

Monday night we had a good one! We visited with Efrain and he was
doing good, basically just chilling haha. He really opened up to us
about the things happening in his life, and so we testified of the
power of the Book of Mormon and how it could help him. It's crazy how
this book can give us so much peace and comfort, it truly was written
for our day. Would recommend when feeling down, 10/10. We also had a
lesson with Yris who is a less active. She felt the spirit very
strongly as we taught about the sacrament and knows she needs to get
back to church to renew her covenants.

Tuesday was solid! We continue to meet with Norka, who is preparing
for baptism but we will have to move her date. She is so so funny
because she knows everything and is living the Gospel but just wants
more time haha. She is close, real close. We also had English class,
which continues to grow! This time we had several investigators and
members there, it's cool to see everyone come together! It's crazy how
being able to speak someone's language opens hearts.

Wednesday, o man, what a day. We had an opportunity to give a blessing
to one of our members, who's fiancee is not a member. He is a cool guy
from Detroit, but doesn't speak a lick of Spanish. Interesting
relationship haha. Today we also had another lesson with Matilde, she
is doing great and is back on track! We have been helping her read
from the Book of Mormon and she loves it. Telling you guys, 10/10.

Thursday! Exchanges with Elder Vincent! We had an awesome day. First
was service at fans. Not sure if I have mentioned them in a while but
we are still going there! Then, we got some lunch given to us by a
member, spaghetti and beans, classic. We visited another member family
who just had a death in the family, so it was good to comfort them. We
shared from the Book of Mormon the words of Alma who teaches us that
those who lived good lives will be recieved into a state of rest. How
grateful I am for that knowledge that this life isn't the end! Book of
Mormon, 10/10. We met a part member family, the Carranzas, today too
and they are awesome! We are going to help them with some service and
they are going to church!

Friday we had quite a few meeting to go to, but it was still a great
day! We talked to Efrain again, this time he was sweeping the street.
Not sure why haha. But he committed to read the Book of Mormon again!
Yeah, the Book of Mormon is so sick! Besides that, today we just tried
meeting new people and spreading the gospel!

Saturday was an interesting day. We had lots of opportunities to
serve, so that was good. First we helped the Carranzas and that went
well! We moved this huge shed, honestly it was pretty sketch but we
did it! Then we helped another family move in to the English ward, and
they have a 3 story apartment. It's not too fun moving furniture up to
the 3rd floor haha. We also met some new people today and had some
good contacts!

Sunday was amazing! The Carranzas came to church! Matilde came too and
she was excited to be there. It was a really great service! Then we
gave another blessing to a recent convert in the ward, which was a
great experience. She is doing better now too! Then we had our English
class with Francisco and we're able to keep talking to him about the
Gospel little by little. He is a great guy!

So yeah, overall a pretty great week! Book of Mormon is Awesome, so
everyone should be reading it! I hope you all have a fantastic week!

Love,
Elder Folkman