+++
title = "Easter!"
date = "2017-04-17"
tags = ["Elder Toranzo", "Chandler"]
banner = "banners/2017_04_17_0.jpg"
+++

This week was another stellar week! I stayed in Chandler with Elder
Toranzo for another six weeks of fun! I'm pretty happy to be staying
here, next transfer is Elder Toranzo's last so I might get to kill
him! Haha. Hope you guys all had a great week too, wherever you might
be.

Monday night we had a family home evening with the ward, and it was
super fun. We played some weird game where you put a broom over
somebody's head, and one person outside guesses who it is. Yeah that
probably makes no sense, in not even going to try haha. Then we
visited a less active/ part member family that are super cool! They
also came to church this Sunday!

Tuesday was seriously a great day! We had zone meeting, in which we
learned about making our weakness strengths as described in Ether
12:27. Then we had an awesome lesson with a lesson active, who really
was just baptized when she was young so she is just Catholic haha. It
got a little awkward when she asked us about the Virgin Mary, but my
companion handled it well haha. The check met with another awesome
less active family, who committed to read from the Book of Mormon! I
know that daily scripture study is super important, it keeps that
testimony burning! Finished off with splits with the priests, and I
got to visit another less active family! Im so blessed!

Wednesday we had another solid day. We had a pretty crazy lesson with
a slightly odd family haha. They fed us tacos and then listened to us
for a little so it was good. The only thing is that they already know
everything, but just don't want to act. Then at night we had a really
solid lesson with Florencia and the Santillano family! She actually
asked us questions about the Plan of salvation and committed to pray
about baptism. I felt the spirit very strong as put members shared
experiences of being baptized for their relatives to give them the
chance to accept the gospel. God's plan for us really is for our
happiness and it's perfect!

Thursday we visited an older couple in our ward, and I got to cut
their lawn! Super fun actually haha. They have an electric mower
thing, so it was pretty easy. They were very grateful though which
made us feel really good! Don't hesitate to ask the Elders to help you
around the house everyone haha. The member has been having dialysis
treatment for over 9 years and is getting older and tired due to the
many treatments. We just tried to provide as much comfort as we could,
but he told us to avoid stress cause that could lead to having to do
dialysis to clean your blood three times a week 😐 so take it easy
everyone!

Friday we had a good one again! Some kids thought we were security in
this one trailer park haha. I think they broke something, but we told
them it was okay, oops. We also met  a potential family to teach! We
only taught one of the kids, but he is super cool and we are going
back Monday night!

Saturday, you guessed it, was also a great day! We were given
breakfast from the stake presidency! It was some really good French
toast! The we met a new family that were super cool! They let us share
a Easter message and said we can come back to helpvthem remodel their
house, so I'll keep you posted on that! Then at night we walked like a
mile to find this former investigator only to find he doesn't live
there. However, the person that does live there was a single mom of
two kids who is going to start meeting with the English elders!
Miracles do happen!

Sunday of course was super good because it was Easter! Church was
really great, I just felt the spirit so strong as our bishop testified
of Christ and his resurrection. I know that Jesus Christ lives and
that he loves us! Easter is so awesome because we get reminded of
that! What's not so awesome is that all our investigators were
partying, so it was hard to meet with people haha. We still had a good
day though!

Today we went on a hike so we have some cool pics from that! Have an
awesome week everyone!

Love,
Elder Folkman