+++
title = "iFly"
date = "2017-02-27"
tags = ["Elder Cherry", "Casa Grande"]
+++

What's up?! Hope everyone is doing well! This week was super awesome!
One of the coolest of the mission! If your wondering about the title,
we got to go indoor skydiving and it was super dope. Let me tell you
what went down.

Monday night last week we got to meet with Steve and Maria, some
investigators that are usually always super busy! They are such a nice
couple and have a great family! We got to tell them about the Plan of
Salvation, our Heavenly Father's plan for us to get track to him! They
understood it all and it just made sense. It's an awesome moment to
understand that God loves us so much that he has provided a way for us
to live with him forever!

Tuesday was funny because we lost our car for the day haha. The window
wouldn't roll down so we took it into the dealer, expecting them to
set a date for us to bring it back, but they just took it right there!
So we had to hit the bikes for the rest of the day. It was fun though,
it wasn't too hot of a day so that was nice. We also met a new
investigator who seems really cool!

Wednesday we had a solid day. We were kind of striking out with all
the people we tried to visit, but eventually got to talk to a new
lady. We got to tell her about the restoration of the Gospel, and how
we have living prophets today to guide us! Always sick. Then we got
back in contact with a less active member, she is going through some
hard stuff. Hopefully we can help her get back to church to get that
spiritual recharge that always helps us through the hard times!

Thursday was the day that that Elder Cherry went down to the mission
office for surgery on Friday morning. Obviously we had to make fun of
him just a little bit for that haha. We are still teaching Eduardo
this time he hadn't read from the Book of Mormon, which is sad. I know
that if he would read and pray about it that it would answer all of
his questions. That Book is magical, I would recommend it haha. We
also are preparing the daughter of the Montañez family to be baptized
and they are the coolest family ever. She is doing really well in all
of the lessons too!

Friday I was with the zone leader because Elder Cherry was at the
mission home recovering from surgery. Everything went well btw! And
the doctors said it was a good idea for them to have done it right
then rather than waiting! The day with the zone leaders was super fun
too. First, I taught a lesson to this guy names Jose all by myself
because they don't talk Spanish haha. Now he is on date for baptism
for the 25th of March! Then we taught some of their investigators and
it was awesome.

Saturday Elder Cherry got back! He is good, we just have to take it
kind of easy on the waking, and no biking. We went to two Baptisms
though, with investigators! The spirit is always so strong at
Baptisms, what an awesome experience to be apart of! Then we taught
Eucebio one of our more progressing investigators! He lost his glasses
the other week in church, but now he says he can read from the Book of
Mormon and other things without them! Pretty crazy. He also is
thinking about baptism but his work is a little unsteady so we aren't
sure when.

Sunday was a weird one. Eucebio called and said he was coming but
never showed, which is always a little sad. Jose came to the church,
but his wife didn't want to go in. She has alzheimers so sometimes she
gets like that. However, we did have a lot of people from the branch
come, the sacrament meeting was really full which is always awesome!

Today we had a once in a life time opportunity too! Free indoor
skydiving! It was so awesome, one of the coolest things I've ever done
haha. I'll leave the video. Hope everyone has a great week! I love and
miss you, but know you are all doing good wherever you are! Talk to
you next week!