+++
title = "Casa Grande!"
date = "2017-01-23"
tags = ["Elder Cherry", "Casa Grande"]
banner = "banners/2017_01_23_0.jpg"
+++

This week has been kind of crazy, but also really good! I got
transfered to Casa Grande with Elder Cherry! It's a little bit
different from Phoenix out here, but it's still the same work. I'm
already starting to love the branch we are in, there are some awesome
members here. Elder Cherry is also super cool and we get along great!
Anyway here's how the week went

Monday night was pretty awesome, little did I know it would be my
second to last in Phoenix. We had a family home evening at the familia
Munoz's house with Elena and Jessi. They are super awesome and really
liked the family home evening! They got talking to the members and
became friends, which always awesome!

Tuesday I was convinced I was going to stay so I treated it like a
regular day. We put Elena and Jessi on date to be baptized, for the
11th of February! Super awesome family! Then we had a couple more
lessons at night, pretty basic stuff. Then we got the call that
everyone in our house was getting transfered! Literally thought they
were joking, but they actually white washed both of our areas haha.

Wednesday was transfer day, so I found out that I was heading down to
Casa Grande with Elder Cherry! Pretty unexpected haha. Then, I had to
get my iPad fixed so we actually went to the Apple store in a mall in
Gilbert. We basically were stuck there for 2 hours waiting too, which
was really awkward haha. I got a new iPad though! We visited a few
people and I got moved in too.

Thursday was the first real day of Casa Grande! The area is a lot more
farm land and desert which is different from Phoenix for sure. We
talked to Fernando, who already knows the Book of Mormon is true! We
just have to help him connect the dots. Then we found two new people,
which is always solid.

Friday was a slightly weird day. We had a run in with a drunk guy, he
told us he didn't need to listen cause he already has God with him
always! I'm happy for him! Then we taught an atheist, which was my
first time. It is difficult to convince someone that God exists
because that it really a personally knowledge that comes through
prayer, scripture study, church attendance, and personal experience.
We made a plan with him to read the Book of Mormon and pray about it
everyday!

Saturday we went on a road trip! Sort of haha. There is this member
Javier who nobody has heard from in a week, so we had to go all the
way out to where he lives to go looking for him. He literally lives in
the middle of nowhere. Literally. We went out there and there was
nothing except his house, and he wasn't there. So we went to leave
thinking it was a waste of time, but then out of nowhere this truck
turns down the road and it was Javier! It was a miracle, and he's
alive! We also talked some other cool people that day!

Sunday was cool too! We had two investigators at church, Jose and
Francis. It was really weird though because in this ward sacrament
meeting is the last meeting, that caught me off guard haha. Really
solid day through!

I'm super excited for this transfer and opportunity to serve here in
Casa Grande! I know there are a lot of people that need to hear our
message and come to know their Savior and His love for them. I know
that the Gospel is true and that it blesses our lives so much, I'm
eternally grateful for having it in my life. Have an awesome week
everyone! Love ya!
Pic - Elena and Jessi

Love,
Elder Folkman