+++
title = "The End of the Trio??"
date = "2017-11-06"
tags = ["Elder Gleason", "Elder Denton", "Ajo and Gila Bend", "District Leader", "Trainer"]
banner = "banners/2017_11_06_0.JPG"
+++

Hey everyone! How's it going! That's right, transfers are in two days
so it might be the end of the 3 Nephites. It's been a crazy awesome
transfer and tons of fun! I literally have no idea what to expect
next, let's go!

So Tuesday was a crazy day, but the temple trip was amazing! I love
being able to enter the house of the Lord, there is nothing more
important than staying worthy of that privelge! And Mesa temple is
closing down for renovations soon so who knows the next time I'll be
back! We didn't pros today though.

Wednesday was sick! We went to Ajo and taught a few lessons! First we
met with CJ who is thinking of her Baptismal date being towards the
begining of next year so we are pretty hyped for that! We also met
with Arturo again and he is reading form The Book! That's what he
calls the Book of Mormon! Later that night we also taught the first
lesson to a family of 3 the Correa fam and they are super prepared!
They asked to come to church without us even mentioning it!

Thursday was so sick! We were with out ward mission leader basically
all day in Ajo! We got two new investigators today with him! The first
was Matha who promised to read the Book of Mormon and pray about it!
The we met with Mikhail who came to church last week, and he is also
super ready! He agreed to be baptized if he comes to know the Book of
Mormon is true! I know that decision will bless him in ways he can't
even imagine!

Friday we had a meeting in Tempe that took some time, but was really
good! Then I went on exchanges with our zone leader Elder Gonzalez! It
was a good day in Maricopa, we taught several lessons and got to know
the branch a lot better! They have some great people up there!

Saturday was sooooo sick! We took Mikhail to the Mesa Visitors center
and basically spent the whole day with him haha. He is so cool, and
has the craziest life story ever. There is literally no reason why he
is in Ajo, but he is and he is a baller! So yeah that was a really fun
day and we also met some less actives in Gila Bend.

Sunday we had a regional conference! And Mikhail came to watch! So he
is definitely acting in faith and progressing, we are really excited
for him! Today we also taught a lesson to a less active family and met
some new people that Brother Lewis has invited to meet with us! We had
our final lesson with Arturo as well, so that was kind of sad. I
really hope I can stay in this area!

So life's good! The gospel is true! I love you all and miss you! It's
crazy how fast time flies, before we know it it will be turkey time!
Have an awesome week!

Love,
Elder Folkman
