+++
title = "¡Milagros!"
date = "2017-08-07"
tags = ["Elder Ostrander", "Chandler", "District Leader", "Trainer"]
banner = "banners/2017_08_07_0.JPG"
+++

We had an amazing week! We are seeing so many miracles in the area
it's amazing! I hope you are all doing good, and that you had good
weeks too! It's crazy how fast time flies by, gotta make every moment
count. Let's see what happened this week!

Monday night we had an absolutely bonkers lesson with Efrain, that's
the only way to describe it. I don't know if I have said this before,
but he's got a lot going on and we're just trying to do our best to
help him. He said he felt better after the lesson though! Had another
drunk guy experience! This time it was a white guy who tried to speak
Spanish so we would go away, but we got him because we speak Spanish!
Better than he does even haha.

Tuesday we had one of the most awkward lessons of my whole life... We
had to teach the law of Chastity to Florencia, who is currently living
with her boyfriend and they just had a kid, so yeah. The worst part is
that out member canceled last minute, so we did it alone. Two 20 year
old kids teaching an unmarried couple about Chastity haha. It went
okay though in the end! We also are dinner with the missionaries that
baptized Elder Ostrander back in Tennessee, so that was way cool!

Wednesday was awesome! First we got to talk to the Dimas Family again,
who just got back from Peru! They had a great time, and we should be
able to start working with them again. Then we had out first lesson
with Khalani, who is going to get baptized real soon! She is the nine
year old daughter of a family returning to activity so we hope to help
the family too! Then we had a miracle in which we were able to give a
blessing to one of our members who the ward has been really worried
about. All we did was reach out in FB and she needed us, don't be
afraid to see how people are doing through technology!

Thursday was another crazy one. We had a lesson with Efrain again! So
that was fun, and we were able to help him that much more! We tried to
find new people, but I was on exchanges with Elder Vincent, so he
didn't to understand Spanish haha. That makes things just a little
harder, but we still talked to people! Then we went over to Hermano
Ocampos house, but he locked his keeps inside haha. We ended up hoping
his fence and teaching a little lesson outside!

Friday was seriously a super cool day. Miracles are real. We had
dinner planned with a part member family, the dad isn't a member but
has come to church actively for 8 years! As I have been here in
Chandler I have always had the desire to teach him, but the
opportunity never came. I prayed one of the most sincere prayers I
ever had to know what we could share with the family, and sure enough
I recieved revelation. As I studied everything just seemed to make
sense, and we prepared ourselves really good for the lesson. After the
lesson the wife said that we answered all of the questions that they
had been discussing as a couple and answered her prayers. Seriously
the coolest part of missionary work is answering prayers. AND WE ARE
GOING TO START TEACHING HIM THE LESSONS! Yeah!

Over the weekend we had some more miracles! Our investigator Matilde,
who is preparing to be baptized on the 26th, has gone 8 days without
breaking the word of wisdom! She seriously just stopped cold turkey
and has just relied on faith and pray! We gave her a few things to
help, but she is amazing! Sunday we had a few investigators over at
the church, which is always good! And we taught a very good
restoration lesson to our friend Mario, who really needs answers!

Pretty long email, but it was an awesome week! I know that I have my
Heavenly Father with me out here everyday, and each of you do too!
Don't be afraid to share what you know! I love you all, and hope you
have an amazing week! Tell next time

Love,
Elder Folkman