+++
title = "Mexican Food = Best Food"
date = "2017-09-04"
tags = ["Elder Ostrander", "Chandler", "District Leader", "Trainer"]
banner = "banners/2017_09_04_0.JPG"
+++

Hey everyone! This week was another awesome week! We seem to always be
busy out here in Chandler, it's so much fun haha. I hope you are all
having a great Labor Day, and that your week went well too! Let's see
what happen this week!

Monday we had a nice dinner with the English missionaries! We ate with
their investigator Jeff, who loves to feed the missionaries! He also
manages Macayos out here so we got some great Mexican food! After that
we also got to have a good lesson with Efrain! He is doing a lot
better, and always says P, "One day I'm going to be a Mormon" haha.

Tuesday we had Zone Conference! It was pretty solid. We have been
focusing as a mission on teaching repentance. So that means really
explaining the how and why of repentance, because that's how we really
will see the most blessings in our lives! I know as we come closer to
Christ by trying to be like Him we will be blessed! We also had an
awesome lesson with a new investigator named Norka. She already
believes that the church is true, just wants to read a little more
before baptism! Miracles do happen!

Wednesday was a crazy day! I we had the privilege to do the Baptismal
interview for Esmeralda Herrera who was being taught by the sister
missionaries in our ward. She is super humble and ready to be
baptized! Then I also had to give a district meeting training, and
that also went smoothly! We are trying to get better at planning! The
rest of the day we had a few miracles with less actives! First we
taught Yris and she said she was very grateful! Then we had a really
cool experience with the Dimas Family. Their son decided to sit in on
the lesson, in which we shared Alma 32:26-28. He told us that the
lesson was the first time that faith actually made sense to him, and
that he felt a very different feeling of Peace. He decided to just
plant his seed of faith and stop worrying!

Thursday I was on exchanges with Elder Watt, one of our zone leaders.
We had a good day although it was kind of crazy. But we also got some
really good Mexican food for dinner! It's called discada, basically
just a mix of sausage, hot dog, and carne asada, so yeah it was way
good! We also had a correlation meeting, which was obviously all in
Spanish, so I felt really bad for Elder Watt haha. We also contacted a
few new people!

Friday was a super good day! We had weekly planning which is always
fun, cause who doesn't love to plan for two hours straight? Haha. Then
we had a lesson with Matilde, and she got fired from her job... So she
was kind of mad, and just needed someone to vent to. But, she had
faith that it was all for a reason and that God had something better
planned for her! And a miracle actually will come tomorrow about that
situation. But, today we also had another lesson with Ernesto! He is
getting so close to baptism, he just doesn't know when he wants to do
it. We invited him to do fast this Sunday to know and he agreed!

Saturday! Today was the baptism of Esmeralda, so that was a lot of
fun! She was the first of her family of 8 to be baptized so I assume
there will be more to follow! We also had a few other lessons
throughout the day. Including a lesson with a new family! They aren't
super interested but we will work on that haha. The miracle of the day
was that Matilde got another job! And she doesn't work on Sundays!
That was a big testimony builder for me that God helps us live the
commandments!

Sunday obviously was a great day! Ernesto came to church and also did
the fast! We don't know exactly how it went pretty, but he invited us
over next Friday! We also were able to have a good lesson with
Francisco. We started by tpjust teaching him English, but this time we
were able to talk about his relationship with God, and he is going to
think about really taking the lessons!

So overall, it was an awesome week! I know that Heavenly Father and
Jesus Christ live and love us! You guys are awesome, so stay awesome!
Have an amazing week!

Love,
Elder Folkman