+++
title = "Carlos's Baptism!"
date = "2017-06-05"
tags = ["Elder Toranzo", "Chandler", "District Leader"]
banner = "banners/2017_06_05_0.JPG"
+++

What's up everyone! We had another super awesome week, I just feel so
blessed out here. This week especially, because we were able to help
Hermano Ocampo get baptised and get the Priesthood! This actually was
his second time getting baptized haha because they lost his records
from long ago when he was baptized in Mexico, but now he is ready to
progress in the Gospel!

Monday night we got out there and talked to a bunch of people. One guy
had read the Book of Mormon and even a Book about forgiveness by one
of the apostles, so he likes Mormons and out beliefs but isn't looking
to change faiths. Then we taught a lady named Levi who recently moved
in from Guatemala, and we were able to tell her we don't worship
Joseph Smith haha. I swear Joseph Smith must be one of the most
misunderstood people ever, but we know that he was called of God to be
a prophet nothing more, nothing less.

Tuesday was my first district meeting being a district leader! It was
a little bit scary having to train other missionaries, when I know I'm
not perfect in any way haha. It went really good though, my District
is super awesome so we had great discussion and learned from each
other. We also met a few new people and got some pretty good mole
tacos!

Wednesday we almost had the worst day ever, then it was the best day
ever haha. We just spent all day trying to find new people to teach
and it seemed like nobody wanted any of it. So we just had to keep
going and keep trying until we came to the last door we were going to
try. Then, we found a girl named Debbs who was going through a hard
time because there was a death in her family. We were able to testify
that God loves her and has a plan for her and her family and she
definitely felt the spirit. She wants to go to church and everything!

Thursday I went on exchanges with Elder VanderDoes, our Zone Leaders.
He does not speak Spanish haha. We had a good day though, and actually
found a member from his Ward who just moved in and needed help! It is
a little weird teaching when your companion had no idea what's going
on though haha.

Friday was a crazy day cause we had weekly planning, a Baptismal
interview, and Carlos's Baptism in the same day. It all went smoothly
though! I really enjoyed being able to interview Aubry, a 9 year old,
she is so innocent and loves her Savior! Then I was able to perform
the baptism, which is the first time for me! His arm almost came out,
but I got it down and we did it in one try! It was so awesome, there
was such a special spirit there!

Saturday was a super good day. We met a guy named Jeff who told us he
has met some missionaries that he wanted to knock out on his doorstep
haha, but he liked us! We also met 3 other people who showed some
interest! Two of which had recently gone through deaths in the family,
so we were able to teach about the Plan of Salvation. It feels so good
to be able to share what we know!

Sunday Carlos got confirmed and he also recieved the priesthood and
got ordained to be a priest! Next week he is going to be ready to pass
the sacrament! It's so cool to see him progressing towards his goals
in the Gospel! We also took the priests out and taught a less active
family who are starting to notice the difference in their lives after
leaving the church. Our priests killed it and got the 15 year old to
go to mutual!

That's about it, it's crazy how fast time is going by. I love you all,
and I love the Gospel! I know that Jesus Christ really did live and
die for us. There are a lot of hardships and trials in this life, but
if we turn to Him and follow His example we can overcome anything!
Have a great week

Love,
Elder Folkman