+++
title = "Ajo and Gila Bend!!"
date = "2017-10-02"
tags = ["Elder Gleason", "Elder Denton", "Ajo and Gila Bend", "District Leader", "Trainer"]
banner = "banners/2017_10_02_0.JPG"
+++

What's good everyone! This week I had to say goodbye to 7 good months
in Chandler, and now I'm here serving in the Ajo and Gila Bend areas!
Quite a difference in scenery, and we have the biggest are in the mish
by far haha. It's been a blast though! My new companions are Elder
Gleason and Denton, some of the best. They are both just starting
their mission so the urgency is so real, couldn't have it better!

Monday I was chilling in Chandler, and we got the news that I was
getting transfered, but I still didn't know where. So, I went and said
goodbye to all the awesome families that I had come to know and love,
both investigators and members. It was really sad haha, but cool at
the same time! The Lord really did bless me a lot by giving me the
opportunity to serve with these people!

Tuesday was the last day in Chandler, and I figured out I was heading
to Ajo and Gila Bend! Today we did some service, and had District
Meeting. Except the other District leader in the zone finished his
mission, so I gave a training to the whole zone. It was pretty fun
actually! Then I said goodbye to Norka, our investigator on date, and
Matilde my recent convert. It was really sad saying goodbye to
Matilde, she prayed for me to stay but it didn't work. Again, it was a
pleasure to meet all of these people.

Wednesday I got the new companions and started going to work in Gila
Bend. It was a pretty solid day! I got there and we got to teach some
kid names Leo, he is super nice and had lots of questions! Then out
ward mission leader got us some taco bell and went out with us. We had
an amazing lesson with Erika, and she definitely recognizes that she
needs this in her life. She said herself that this was not a
coincidence that we found each other! So it was pretty hype right from
the start!

Thursday was another awesome day, and it was my first experience in
Ajo. So Ajo is like an hour away from where we live so when we go down
we stay the whole day haha. We had another super good lesson with
Sayde, who accepted to prepare for the 4th of Nov for her baptism! She
is so Christlike it's insane! Our ward mission leader in Ajo, Brother
Lewis, is literally a legend. He goes around and invited literally
everyone he talks to to meet with us, and then goes to the lessons
with us! Some days he literally just texts us the schedule for the day
haha. And he gives us free dairy products cause he is a truck driver
and delivers dairy! Such an amazing family, and his son is the bishop!

Friday was also solid, we stayed in Gila Bend where we live. We had
some weekly planning and all that good stuff too! Tonight we met with
Yadira and Miguel who are 9 and 11 and preparing to be baptized. They
are super ready, all they need now is the right time to do it! We also
met with some other potential investigators like Yovana who is super
awesome. We also were able to give her a blessing and have an awesome
contact!

Saturday we went down to Ajo and watch conference. The conference was
sooooo good, would recommend. I'm going to have to re-read all of the
talks for sure. Some things that stuck out to me were daily study in
the Book of Mormon and Humility. So I'm going to work on those! I also
met a few more of the investigators that we have, so that was good!

Sunday was amazing! Conference was great again, as it always is! The
rest of our time was spent meeting with members, investigators and
just about everyone! We met a new guy names Arturo who invited us in
and offered us some coffee and beer haha. We had to decline both of
those haha, but we did get to teach about the Book of Mormon! He is
going to read and pray about it!

The Gospel is true, and I know we have a living prophet on the earth
that leads and guides us. I could be more happy to be out here serving
the Lord and helping others come unto his Son, Jesus Christ! Have an
awesome week as always!

Love,
Elder Folkman