+++
title = "New Year, New Investigators"
date = "2017-01-09"
tags = ["Elder McFarlane", "Phoenix", "South Mountain Ward"]
banner = "banners/2017_01_09_0.JPG"
+++

This week was another good one! We are on the grind looking for new
investigators! It's been pretty cool to see how many people are just
put in out path to teach! I hope everyone is good and stated off 2k17
right!

Monday night was super solid! We found this super cool guy Cesar, who
is a baller. He just moved over here from Mexico, and is super
receptive to the message! Then we found David again, also a baller.
And finished off the night by finding a really old investigator, who
is not interested at all! Haha

Tuesday was a fun day. We met the most polite man ever, Trai. He
spells it even weirder than my brother Trae. He said after a long
search he is agnostic, but was interested in reading the Book of
Mormon! He has read like every religious text, so it just makes sense
haha he's going to love it! Then at night we had a lesson with Manuel
about getting the priesthood!

Wednesday we were in a trio with Elder Christensen, a new elder that
just got in this transfer! He is a super laid back guy, and is fun to
serve with. We had a lesson with this lady who talks extremely fast
though haha. I could barely understand what she was saying, and Elder
Christensen was just gone haha. At night we also talked to the Lopez
family, this cool family we are working with, the kids think we are
the coolest people in the world, it's great!

Thursday was pretty average to be honest haha. We met another guy who
is agnostic, which is weird cause I had never heard about that until
this week. We got him to set up a time to met with us though, so we
will let him know he has a Heavenly Father! Then we talked to Manuel
again, and he went to play soccer with some members!

Friday was a lot of finding again which is always fun! We tried to get
in contact with all those people who have been hard to contact again.
We had an awesome experience! We found the family of this guy Abraham,
who we left a temple lights card with and never saw again, and it
turns out they actually went to the temple lights! And we are going to
meet with them next week! Definitely made me realize every little
effort counts!

Saturday was super cool! We contacted every family in a three door
apartment complex in succession, it was crazy. We talked to the lady
in the middle door, and set up a return appointment. Then, the guy who
lived in the third door was out washing the car so we got a return
appointment with him. Then as we were walking away the people who live
in he first door were chilling outside so we got an appointment with
them! Sometimes people actually like us haha. Then we taught your boi
David again really quick at night!

Sunday was slightly disappointing once again just because we only had
one investigator at church. Manuel didn't even show up :(. It was all
good though, we had some pretty amazing chicken tacos at a members! We
also had some good lessons after dinner! Also we got to go to church,
almost forgot about that!

Overall just a great week! Everything is going great out here on the
mission! I hope you guys are all good and enjoying life! Have a great
week everyone! Also I found the video from Christmas Conference.

Love,
Elder Folkman
