+++
title = "Gilbert!"
date = "2017-03-06"
tags = ["Elder Toranzo", "Gilbert"]
banner = "banners/2017_03_06_0.jpg"
+++

Yep I got transfered to Gilbert, in the Chandler zone! Wasn't really
expecting that but it's been awesome here over the past couple of
days. Our Zone is all elders which is a little weird, but zone sports
should be pretty intense haha. I guess I'll let you know what happened
this week then!

Monday and Tuesday I was still in Casa Grande. Honestly those days
were kind of a blur because we were just waiting to see what was going
to happen. I know that we got some really awesome Mexican dish that I
don't remember the name of. We visited some people, taught some
lessons haha. I'm sad that I left all of the people over there, but
glad I got the opportunity to serve there.

Wednesday I went up to the mission home for transfers, and found out
that my companion is Elder Toranzo and we are working in Gilbert in
the Ray5th ward! It's funny because we used to serve in the same ward
in Phoenix so I already knew him and he is awesome. The first day we
got to teach a lesson with this lady who loves to go off on tangents.
She could have talked for hours straight, sometimes it's very hard to
keep lessons on track haha. That's about it for that day, I got all
settled in and everything too.

Thursday was kind of crazy, I think I spent more time in pday clothes
than in pros. First E went to volunteer at this organization called
FANS which takes in everything that people who get divorced and are
left with nothing need. Like clothes, bathroom supplies, toys, and
anything else you can think off. So we sorted clothes for about two
hours and it was way fun! We got out there in the middle of the day
and looked for some people, but nobody was opening up :(. Then at
night we have sports night! Members and investigators get together,
and we played volleyball and soccer. Super fun!

Friday was a solid day, full of classic missionary work. Highlight of
the day was our lesson with a family that has been investigating for a
while. We got to teach them about how prayer and scripture study work
together, and that they can know if the Book of Mormon is true as they
do those two things. I felt the spirit so strong as we testified of
the truthfulness of the Book of Mormon! Great day.

Saturday we were out there trying to find new people! First though,
the stake presidency had us over for breakfast, super good breakfast
burritos! A lot of lessons fell through which is pretty sad, but okay.
We did find some new investigators though! It's amazing what happens
when we decide to open our mouths and talk about the gospel. Every
time the spirit gives us what we need to say and how we need to say
it. Just have to get over the awkwardness haha.

Sunday was awesome. Two families and Javier came to church! Javier is
this super awesome investigator who is getting baptized the 25th! He
is so ready and loves how the Gospel is already helping him in his
life. The ward is super cool, and we're very welcoming! I'm really
just so blessed to be able to serve out here.

That's it from me, it's been a crazy ride this week! I really hope
everyone else is loving life, and has a great week this week! Love you
all! Thanks for being the best!

President of the Casa Grande branch and fam