+++
title = "Heavenly Father Knows Us"
date = "2017-05-01"
tags = ["Elder Toranzo", "Chandler"]
banner = "banners/2017_05_01_0.jpg"
+++

What's good everyone? This week was super cool! I really have grown in
my testimony that God is my Heavenly Father and loves me. He knows me
personally, and that's pretty crazy to think about. We literally have
God always on our side 😀

So Monday we met up with Jimmy and this other cool guy Victor. Jimmy
is super funny, this week we helped him with his homework twice haha.
His family is kind of avoiding us though, but is all good, one day!
Then Victor, he came up to us as we approached him to shake our hands!
He loved the Easter Video and wanted us to show his family some other
day!

Tuesday we finally got to teach my man Gabriel and his wife! They are
super humble and have been changing to follow Jesus Christ more fully
in their lives. We got to teach them that God still guides us and
called the prophet Joseph Smith to restore his church again, and that
the evidence is the Book of Mormon! They were so pumped to get
reading! Also had Zone Conference today!

Wednesday we had a ward activity to go looking for all the less
actives. We found two people that have been less active for quite a
while, and both didn't even want us to stop by and visit 😐. That was
a little disheartening honestly, just cause we know that this Gospel
is what brings us so much joy and peace.

Thursday we had way to many meetings haha. First we did service, and I
got those baby clothes on lock. Then we had Zone Meeting, pretty
solid. Then we had ward correlation, so yeah we were just in meetings.
However, we did get to meet a new lady who was interested in learning
more, and is opened to all religions. I guess that's good haha!

Friday we had a pretty solid day! They are trying to make us fat out
here! We had dinner at a members house, and I ate way too much. Then
there was a good night elders quorum with nachos, carne asada, and
chicken. Almost had to throw up haha. It was good we had a few
investigators come!

This weekend was super cool, and I wanted to share an experience that
we had that was super crazy and powerful. We got a call during dinner
that Hermano Huezo, an older member who had been feeling pretty bad,
wanted a blessing. The problem was that we had a super packed night,
so we told him we would have to stop by on Sunday. However, we had two
lessons fall through and so I thought we should go over and see if we
could still give the blessing. When we got there, Hermano Huezo told
us what really happened. He had been diagnosed with pneumonia the
night before and decided to offer a prayer to see what to do with his
worsening condition. As he prayed we came to his mind. When he called
and we told him that we would have to come the next day, he hung up
and just laughed because he knew we would come. We gave him the
blessing, and I honestly just ended up feeling the love of God so
strong, and that he really knew and cared about each of us. It was a
very special blessing to be an answer to a pray, and to be in the
place that my Heavenly Father needed me.

I hope you all have an extremely good week! You are the best! Love and miss you!

Love,
Elder Folkman