+++
title = "One Year?"
date = "2017-07-31"
tags = ["Elder Ostrander", "Chandler", "District Leader", "Trainer"]
banner = "banners/2017_07_31_0.JPG"
+++

Yeah so in two days I will hit 1 year in the mission... That was a
crazy day one year ago when I got on a plane by myself heading to
Mexico haha. Little did I know that it would be the best decision I
have ever made. I can't believe how happy I have been serving as a
missionary, it's amazing. I have learned so much and am still learning
everyday. This next year should be the best year of my life!

This Wednesday was super cool! So basically our member has been
bringing a friend to church for the past couple of weeks, but it was
sooo hard to start meeting with her haha. So our member told her we
could stop by tonight and catch her, and we did! She was super open to
us and wants to get baptized! And she wants to be completely ready! We
had our first real lesson Saturday, so I'll talk about that later.

Thursday I went on exchanges with Elder Vincent! We had a crazy day
haha. We had a very interesting lesson with my friend Efrain, who is
very confused to say the least. He has real desires to change, but we
can't seem to resolve his concerns. Gotta have faith though! Then we
had a lesson with Hermano Ocampo, but he forgot the keys to his huge
so we had to jump the fence and do the lesson outside haha. He is
doing really good!

Friday was another interesting one. We have a referral for some guy
who wants a bible, but it took us forever to find out where he lives!
Pretty crazy, and he wasn't even home.... Then we went looking for
another referral and the address took us to some Asian family. The guy
opens up and is like "I'm Buddhist" haha. We did have a Carne Asada
with the Elders Quorum though and I ate some super hot Chiles to gain
member trust haha. Wasn't worth, I almost cried.

Saturday was the lesson with Matilde! She is so awesome, and we are
helping overcome a word of wisdom! She has such a real desire to
change her life and faith sufficient to do it! I know that because
Jesus Christ has suffered for everything we go through she can turn to
Him and get the strength she needs! It was such an awesome lesson!

Sunday was awesome, had 4 investigators at church. We just got a
referral for an investigator who loved in Mesa and just moved her. She
is basically an active member but not baptized yet and we are meeting
on Tuesday! We also taught English class again with Francisco, but we
also had an awesome experience in which we taught him the restoration!
Then we taught him how to pray and he offered his first pray with us!
The spirit was so strong!

All and all an awesome week! I hope you all had good weeks too! I love
you all and miss you. Keep a good attitude and trust that everything
will work out! I'm so grateful that we have a Heavenly Father to make
sure that happens. Have a great week!

Love,
Elder Folkman