+++
title = "Pure Inspiration!"
date = "2017-10-09"
tags = ["Elder Gleason", "Elder Denton", "Ajo and Gila Bend", "District Leader", "Trainer"]
banner = "banners/2017_10_09_0.JPG"
+++

What's up everyone? This was another solid week! Starting to get more
adjusted to the area and the companionship, so it's been really good!
Time is flying by, hard to believe that it's finally cooling down here
in AZ. Hope you all had a good week too!

Monday night we had a good night!  We had some plans to go looking for
a few people, and nobody was there. However, we took advantage of the
situation and talked to George who was just chilling working on the
jeep! We talked a lot about how trials come even when we do what's
right, and testified that everything will be made right through the
Atonement of Jesus Christ! He said we are welcome back anytime! We
also had a lesson with Yadira and Miguel, the kids who will be
baptized as soon as we can find a good day!

Tuesday we went up to Maricopa for District Meeting, because I didn't
really want to give a training over Skype. It was good to meet the
district, we've got some great Elders out here in Maricopa! Today we
also met a few new people! First was Ashley who invited us back! Then
we went to look for George and ran into his sister who is also super
cool, so that was awesome! And we met with the kids again, they are
always calling each other out for not reading the Book of Mormon haha.
Good kids.

Wednesday we had an interesting day, but also really good! Today we
felt impressed to go by Matt, who has been struggling to find a
testimony of the Book of Mormon. We went over and did some straight up
testifying, we promised him that if he reads, studies, and prays about
the Book of Mormon he will recieve an answer. That promise goes out to
each and every one of us! So do it haha. We also met with Erika again,
the lady thatcwe taught my first day here. She is doing good, but we
are struggling to get the message into her heart. Hopefully she can
feel of its importance!

Thursday was another good day! We didn't have go much planned at the
beginning, but we didn't let that stop us! We got out there talking to
everyone, knocking doors and putting in work! We found a few people
who invited us back, so we will see how it goes! Tonight we also met
with Arturo again, and he is so funny haha. We went with Brother
Lewis, our ward mission leader, and he already knew him somehow. This
guy knows literally everyone in the town of Ajo, no joke. But Arturo
agreed to pray to know what we teach is true! That's all we ask anyone
to do!

Friday we also had a solid day. Weekly planing is always good, we were
able to get our focus down for the area and out investigators! We had
a few lessons scattered throughout the day, but then hit a wall at
like 8:00. So we just acted on pure Inspiration and knocked a house
that usually never opens. This time it did! We met 5 kids who want to
play us in some soccer, and we're really cool. We left them a Book of
Mormon and they said they will read it! They don't have a chance when
we get on the field though haha.

Saturday was a really great day! We had a Spanish lesson with Maria,
so that was really fun. Spanish is the best haha. We also had a wild
lesson with an 83 year old man who knows the Bible like the back of
his hand. He is strong in his faith, but he agreed to read and pray
about the Book of Mormon! The promise won't fail if he really does it!
Then we found a former investigator named Jon. The first thing he said
to us was, "wouldn't it be great if you were the missionaries who
finally baptized Jon" haha. This guy is hilarious and committed to go
to church on Sunday! Hopefully we really are the missionaries that he
finally connects with and a low him to develop his own personal
testimony of the truth!

Sunday! Jon did come to church! We also had some less actives and
Yadira and Miguel! So it was a great Sunday! The ward is really small
in Ajo, but they are all great people. We also met with Arturo again
today, and he said he wants to cook us a steak dinner next week! Let's
go! We also had a lesson with Jon after church and found out a lot of
what's holding him back, he mostly just doesn't want to commit to
baptism and then fall away. I know that he is really close though and
as he continues to feel the Holy Ghost he can do it!

So it was another awesome week! Just like always! I hope you are all
safe and enjoying life! I know that Jesus Christ lives and that the
church of Jesus Christ of latter day saints is His restored church.
What a blessing that is in my life. Thanks for everything, love you
all!

Love,
Elder Folkman