+++
title = "Mother's Day!"
date = "2017-05-15"
tags = ["Elder Toranzo", "Chandler"]
banner = "banners/2017_05_15_0.png"
+++

Wow this week was another great week! Happy Mothers day to all the
mothers out there! We wouldn't be able to do it without ya. I was so
grateful to be able to Skype home and talk to my family. They are the
best, I love them all so much especially my Mom. She is the best Mom
on the planet 😀

This week we had some cool experiences and saw many blessings! On
Monday night we had some stuff fall through, like always haha.
However, that allowed us to stop by a less active to find out that she
is in the hospital. Her family told us that it was pretty scary, so we
were able to be there to comfort them and reassure them of God's plan.
Super cool.

Tuesday was a very good day! We were able to teach the restoration to
a new investigator named Adriana, who has had her faith strengthened
through many trials. She could have some real potential to progress,
she agreed to pray about the message! That's super important! Then we
were able to meet with two less active families. The first had been
meeting with us now fire a little bit and wants to come to church, but
just can't get off work. So we decided to combine or faith and pray
together with her so that she can get back! Then we met a long time
less active, and she told us that we came right at the perfect time.
We are able to comfort her through some things that have tried her
faith and she also wants to get to church!

Wednesday we also had a solid day. Today the whole zone decided to
"blitz" one of the other elders areas, which means we all went into
their area and just went for it. Me and my companion we able to find
one girl who really loves the Mormon church and had lots of ex
missionary friends! I think in total we found 5 new investigators in
one night! Then we had a Skype lesson with our recent convert Javier
who is going to start his family history!

Thursday was pretty crazy. I was invited to the mission leadership
council meeting, and we recieved training from the mission department
of the church. There are some pretty big changes about to come to
missionary work. Really exciting! We also were able to teach a long
time investigator Martha, and really focus on baptism. We were able to
commit her to pray specifically about being baptized and she said if
she recieves her answer she will do it! I know that her Heavenly
Father will be extremely happy to see her enter into that covenant to
follow Jesus Christ.

Friday we also had a good one. We had dinner with a part member
family, and the non member husband is super cool. We shared the Plan
of Salvation with them, and the spirt was pretty strong. It's amazing
how much or Heavenly Father loves us! Then we met a new guy named
Rafeal who says he's is the grandpa of the block, so maybe if we can
teach him he will help us convert the whole neighbourhood!

Saturday we had two lessons. We explained the plan of salvation to
very kind lady who was just or sweeping! She seems very humble. Then
we taught Freddie again! We met him last Saturday and he kept our
appointment for this Saturday! He seems a little stuck in the Bible as
the only word of God, so hopefully we can invite the spirit to testify
of the truthfulness of the Book of Mormon!

Sunday was obviously great because I got to talk to the fam, and they
are the best! We also had a miracle happen with our investigator Rubi.
She has a close Mormon friend that was able to take her to church with
us today because the priesthood took over the nursery for the day,
freeing her up to go to our ward! It was cool how everything worked
out and Rubi really liked church!


I hope you all have a great week! I love you all and am so grateful
for all the support and love. Being a missionary is so sick!

Love,
Elder Folkman