+++
title = "Everything has changed!!"
date = "2017-01-30"
tags = ["Elder Cherry", "Casa Grande"]
banner = "banners/2017_01_30_0.jpg"
+++

Hey eve, what's up?! This week has been kind of a crazy week haha.
Lots of cool experiences yet again, never a dull moment on the mish!
I'm starting to love it out here in Casa Grande! I guess I will just
jump into it!

Monday night was a little strange haha. We had a run in with this
drunk guy, and he was just crying uncontrollably. He started talking
about some random stuff and then asked us for forgiveness from his
sins. I dont think I'm qualified for that, but I know somebody who is
though. Slightly funny, but mostly just awkward haha. We also sang a
hymn to this old guy Ramon who just lost his mom and two brothers, he
is super cool.

Tuesday we had one of the scariest moments of my mission haha. We went
to knock this house just like normal, then this dog just popped up out
of nowhere. Elder Cherry shut the gate and we though we were good, but
this dog went through his neighbors yard out on to the street! We ran
and hid behind this van, then ran around it and booked it to our car.
So there we were playing ring around the rosy with a vicious dog
around our car. It was super funny and also super scary! Then the
owner came out and called him back, so we escaped unharmed haha. I
wish somebody would have videotaped it because it probably looked so
funny.

Wednesday was the day the mission changed forever! We had a missionary
broadcast and they changed the schedule. Now we have more time in the
morning but only 30 min lunches! Also, we do planning for the day
during the day instead of the night before. That's been way better
cause we go home and just go to bed instead of planning. We've also
been able to hit the Bball court in the morning, so I'm going to have
my jumpsuit perfected before I get back! We also had a Facebook lesson
with Alma, but she still doesn't want to get married which means she
can't get baptized :(

Thursday was a pretty sad day honestly. We had 6 lessons planned, and
only 1 of them happened haha. So we did a lot of looking and not as
much finding haha. It wasn't all bad though, dinner was super good. We
had ribs and chicken and loaded potatoes, it's good to have American
food! The members out here are super awesome!

Friday we taught in a blizzard. Just kidding, but it was freezing cold
and we taught the restoration to this guy outside. I swear I almost
got frostbite, but it was worth it to tell Armando about the Book of
Mormon! He is going to read it and pray about it! I know he will get
an answer if he does, because out heavenly father promised us all that
he will answer our prayers! That's pretty sick!

Saturday we taught Eduardo again, who is an atheist, but he prays with
us haha. He said this time that he has noticed some blessings from his
Heavenly Father, like work and family! That's a big step for him! And
he gave us fresh fruit from his trees, and that orange was super good.
We Facebook called Alma again and tough to her about fasting, pretty
sick. Then we taught this super funny guy nick. He is kind of old and
has studied the Bible a lot, he really likes us and the message but he
doesn't think religion is important. This time he told us he will say
hi to us in heaven haha!

Sunday we had a great day! A less active that we are working with came
to church! She said that she has been missing be able to take the
sacrament, and this week she was able too! It really is super
important to always remember the Savior and His sacrifice for us. Alma
and her family also came! So awesome! Then at night we taught this
lady named British, and she wants to get baptized! She already knows
it's all true!

Overall a pretty awesome week! I hope everyone is doing good at home
or wherever they are! I'm so grateful for this opportunity to tell
people about how much their Heavenly Father loves them! Have a great
week!
Enjoy these old photos! They are still pretty quality