+++
title = "The Final Plunge!"
date = "2017-10-23"
tags = ["Elder Gleason", "Elder Denton", "Ajo and Gila Bend", "District Leader", "Trainer"]
banner = "banners/2017_10_23_0.JPG"
+++

This week was sick! How is everyone doing? Hope you are all well! We
have seen many miracles this week, and have been able to help many
people! That's what makes it all worth it.

Monday night we had some ups and downs. It was suppose to be a packed
night with 3 pretty solid lessons lined up, then all three fell
through haha. But, we did get to teach one lesson to virgina! She
comes from another religion, but acted in her faith and just asked God
to know if what we said was true. It was a powerful lesson, and we
hope she can feel the truth of what we teach!

Tuesday was a great day! We had the usual studies and District
Meeting, so that was solid. We have set a focus on setting goals
everyday and acting in faith to reach those goals, instead of just
waiting for cool things to happen. It's helping a lot! We stopped by
Roy again, but he has been in and out of the hospital, so we are
praying for him. Then, we had a very interesting experience haha. Some
guy basically just told us that he could get us into selling drugs and
we could make 2 grand a night haha. Pretty tempting. Jk the gospel is
worth much more!

Wednesday we had a good one. We taught a really Catholic lady, who
listended to us, but she didn't really care haha. We left her a Book
of Mormon and now we just have to hope! Then we met with the homie,
Arturo! He is so cool, and is progressing slowly haha. This time we
really stressed the importance of the Restoration and how much it can
bless us! We also went out with our branch mission leader and did some
visits. We met a less active who we were able to give a blessing too,
and it was a great experience!

Thursday was sweet! We have been meeting with Jon Cameron a lot, who
we found a few weeks ago, and today he told us he has decided he is
going to be baptized! He said I just need to take the final Plunge! So
hype! So we are super excited, needless to say haha. We also met with
CJ who is doing really good and is acting in faith!

Friday  was really good too! We got a message from CJ, and she said
that she has made the decision that she also wants to get baptized!
Yeah! She finally understands faith, and that she can have the love of
God in her life forever, so we are super happy for her! We had a
really cool first lesson in Spanish too with Blanca! She said that she
thought what we taught was true, so she had great potential!

Saturday obviously was a good day. We went out to Ajo and had some
good lessons. Arturo had read from the Book of Mormon! And this lesson
we really stressed that he needs to pray, so he committed to ask his
Heavenly Father if he should take that leap of faith! We also talked
to Ian, who is a youth who is questioning his testimony. We also
talked a lot about prayer, Prayer is super important!

Sunday was branch conference, so we were in Gila Bend! It was really
cool, and we had a full Chapel! Yadira and Miguel also set a date for
their baptism for next weekend! Finally! So yeah we had a super good
week!

Love you all! Hope you have a good one! Remember God loves you!

Love,
Elder Folkman