+++
title = "We Still Out Here!"
date = "2017-11-13"
tags = ["Elder Gleason", "Elder Denton", "Ajo and Gila Bend", "District Leader", "Trainer"]
banner = "banners/2017_11_13_0.JPG"
+++

What's up everyone?! How you been? We are staying as a trio out here
in Gila Bend and Ajo! I honestly didn't think we would ever stay
together, but we got another transfer to go hard. Not sure how
President can afford to have the best 3 missionaries in the mission in
the same area haha. But yeah, this week was great!

Monday was a good day! We did a little bowling, but I was off my game
haha. Then at night we had a few cool experiences. First, we met this
guy Antonio and he was like, yeah I've read the Book of Mormon and I
know it's true. Then he said we could help him be baptized! So a
little hard to believe, but we will see what happens! We also taught
Sal again and he is doing good and getting a new job, we're happy for
him!

Tuesday was amazing. We had the last District Meeting, and some of the
Elders in the zone finished their missions! Crazy stuff. Sal invited
us over again today and we read from the Book of Mormon with him! As
we read with him it was crazy because we were each getting different
things from the same scriptures, that book is magical! Then we taught
Beth again and her less active friend Shane. She calls it our "Bible
Study" haha. She is getting there little by little, tonight we also
read from the Book of Mormon with her! We finished the night at Yadira
and Miguels house, the kids who were recently baptized and it was a
crazy visit! They told us about how they have been feeling some weird
vibes at home so I blessed the home and we gave Karla, the Mom, a
blessing. It was a pretty intense spiritual moment not going to lie.
Priesthood is real!

Wednesday was a perfect day! Kind of haha. The only bad part is that
Arturo, your boi, is almost dropping us. He said he just doesn't feel
it, but we still have faith!! All he needs to do is act on a little
faith and pray and read! After that we has 3 bomb lessons with our
ward mission leader out in Gila Bend. We taught the Correa family
again, who are pretty much golden. The wife especially, she can teach
the restoration better than me haha. And they are coming to church!
The we hoped over to that Arturo guys house and found out he basically
just believes all churches are true, so that answered our doubts about
why he believed the Book of Mormon was true but he isn't a member
haha. I think we can help him see though that God has restored His
true church! We also taught Sonny in the park and Brother Adams was
really able to help him out, in ways that we can't as a missionary! He
stayed after we left to read the Book of Mormon!

Wow this email is getting pretty long haha. Thursday we spent
basically all day with Malin Lewis, this man is a legend. He invites
everyone he sees to meet with us. We ended up teaching a discussion to
the Lyman family, less active and it went really good! They committed
to go to church! As we testified to them about Jesus Christ's
Atonement it was cool to see them remember the things they once put
into action that blessed their lives.

Friday was way cool! We had lunch with Ivan, we have been trying to
meet this guy since I got here! And it turns out he is way cool and
wants to start coming back to church!! It was really sick, and the
tacos were also really good haha. Then we got dropped by Roy, the
blind man, he said he just can't see himself changing. He is a great
man, and we are still friends! After we had some good visits with
Brother Rushton, we saw Blanca and also the Correa family briefly.
Blanca is ready to investigate but it's going to be hard with her
husband because he is very controlling of her, but we have faith!! We
also taught this guy Gilly who shared with us a very intense story
when he finally was able to quit using meth, and we related it to Alma
the younger in the Book of Mormon! Now he wants to read and we're
going back!

Saturday I'll just tell you guys about our church tour with Mikhail!
He is doing good and today we kind of put him on date to be baptized!
He said by December 16th he will know which day he wants to be
baptized haha! We also met with a few other people!

Sunday we were disappointed and excited all at the same time. The
Correa family didn't go to church, but the Lyman and Mikhail did! Then
we also taught the Correa family at night and they accept to be
baptized when they come to know that the Book of Mormon is true! So
all and all we were pumped! Sal also had us over and we talked about
kneeling prayers, he is not the kind of person who kneels to anyone,
so it will be a trial of his faith! But that just means there are tons
of blessings waiting!

Thanks for everything you all do! Have an amazing week and rember to
have fun! Love you all!