+++
title = "Emergency Doctor Visits!"
date = "2017-02-13"
tags = ["Elder Cherry", "Casa Grande"]
banner = "banners/2017_02_13_0.JPG"
+++

This week was another extremely great week! Hope everyone else also
had a good week! We had some really cool and really weird experiences
again haha. I guess I'll just tell you what happened.

Monday night we had a family home evening with the whole branch! It
was awesome we had like 25 people there or something like that! We
talked about how everything around us, the awesome things in the earth
like stars, mountains, trees, are proof that God exists. Then we went
stargazing!

Tuesday we had some solid lessons. We have been facing the challenge
of a lot of people believing that the religion we are doesn't really
matter. It really is a blessing that we have the restored gospel of
Jesus Christ and can know that we have the authority of God. What's
even cooler is that everyone can know it for themselves through prayer
and reading the Book of Mormon, that's what we hope everyone we talk
too will do!

Wednesday was the emergency doctor visit. It was really an emergency
Doctor visit, but we did go to the doctors haha. Elder Cherry just had
an appointment for his knee because he tore his ACL before the mish.
It was cool though because we got chick fil a after! Let's goo! That
took a good chunk of the day though because we went up to Mesa.

Thursday I went on exchanges with Elder Saxton in the English area. We
also were on bikes all day. Not going to lie, that would suck to be in
a all biking area haha. My butt was hurting pretty bad haha. Also
white people are pretty rude, we got shut down a couple times. Makes
me glad to be speaking to the Spanish people, they are definitely more
spiritual so they respect us more. Made respect to all those on bikes
all day though.

Friday was another doctor visit! Elder Cherry went to Gilbert to have
an MRI done. This time we went to panda express after, pretty clutch
haha. That also took most of the day away though so nothing too
exciting happened. We did look at the MRI, but we have no idea how to
read them. They do look pretty cool though haha, it's pretty crazy how
far technology has come.

Saturday I had possibly the weirdest experience of my mission. We went
to teach this new family out in an rv Park, and we were super excited
because they seemed really cool. However, the lesson ended up being
nuts. They told us their whole life story, and it turned out that the
husband had some disease that the doctors have told him is
otherworldly. He has gone to several doctors and nothing is wrong
physically, but he still feels terrible like he's really sick. Super
weird. Long story short, I ended up giving him a blessing and it was
absolutely crazy. Both the Husband and the Wife were praying or
chanting or something and it made it really hard to give the blessings
haha. We will see what happens with that.

Sunday was super awesome, we had the most people at church that there
has been in a while. Also I gave a talk! I think it went well, I'm
pretty sure everyone understood me too! I talked on the talk "to the
rescue: We can do it" I would recommend it. Great talk. Just being
able to see the church so full was awesome!

That's about it for this week! Next week should be another good one,
if the pattern continues. I hope everyone is good wherever they are!
I'm so grateful for this opportunity I have to tell everyone that God
loves them! Love you guys so much, have a good one!

Love,
Elder Folkman
Baptism on Saturday!