+++
title = "LightTheWorld"
date = "2017-11-27"
banner = "banners/2017_11_27_0.JPG"
+++

It's time! Everyone needs to get on Mormon.org and see what's going
down for #LightTheWorld. It's going to be sick! Hope everyone is doing
great! I'm definitely a little fatter from all that turkey,
Thanksgiving is a wonderful thing. Hopefully your Thanksgivings were
just as good!

Monday we only had pday until 12 so it was basically a regular day. We
actually had several lessons! We have been picking up a lot more
Hispanic investigators, maybe because that's what I'm used to haha. So
today we taught Virgina, Blanca, and la familia Poqui! They are the
same family that fed us last week and this week they did again. It was
mole! Super good, and they are actually really open too!

Tuesday I went on exchanges with Elders Hardy and Inchin. They are
super good Elders! We taught some sick lessons and got out on the
bikes! I'm was very grateful it's no longer 110 outside haha. We
taught one guy who was a firefighter and it was cool to be able to
talk to him because he invited us to share our testimonies! I know for
sure that the Book of Mormon is true, and that God loves us, so I got
to tell him! Solid day.

Wednesday I was with them part time then my boys picked me up to go to
Gila Bend again. We taught a very good lesson with Sarah! She is super
close to baptism and has great friend in the ward! Then in Gila Bend
we taught Alfonso and his family again, and they are also getting
close! It was crazy doing missionary work in two towns in one day,
super cool though!

Thursday was thanksgiving!! We woke up, played two turkey bowls, ate
some food played volleyball, then went home haha. Yeah, we weren't
allowed to work so it was a fun day!

Friday we had a great day too! We were just going around taking to
everyone! We met a few new people, thatcwe hope can have potential! We
also taught that Arturo guys again who is always confusing us. We are
pretty sure he has never opened up the Book of Mormon but he says he
has read it twice! Fun stuff!

Saturday was a solid day in Ajo. We taught Shirley, the lady who is
crazy about Jesus! She is awesome! Then we went over to some members
and played some xbox! Jk we did use their xbox to watch the light the
world video though! It's sick. Mormon.org. Then they had us build a
shelf! We taught CJ, and she wants to get baptized before the end of
the year! Then Arturo, your boi, and he is reading the Book!!

Sunday was good! Nobody came to church... And we were expecting a lot!
Let's go! It's all good though we followed up with all them and things
just happened. Today we met tons of new people though! We were about
to call it quits at night, but then we prayed and the next two doors
we knocked invited us to come back and seem super cool! Miracles!

So, get pumped for #LightTheWorld and enjoy Christmas everyone! Things
are going good out here, and I'm loving life! Have an amazing week!
Love you!

Love,
Elder Folkman