+++
title = "Transfers Again!"
date = "2017-05-22"
tags = ["Elder Toranzo", "Chandler"]
banner = ""
+++

Yep, it's already time for transfers again next week! So crazy how
time flies. I really have no idea where I'm going to be, so that's
exciting! This week was a good one, hope you all had great weeks too!

Monday night was solid! First we were able to talk to a nice lady
named Lucina. We had stopped by before and she said we could come
back, so this time we got to sit down and teach her! We talked about
God's plan for us, and how to have faith through trials! Then we
talked to Pablo, a young adult who is super cool. He threw down on all
the people that he sees who go to church and then that same night are
out drinking and partying haha.

Tuesday we had another training meeting to talk about all the changes
going on right now. It's been pretty cool, the missionary department
of the church trained our mission only on some new changes that they
want to put into effect. Exciting stuff! We also taught Hermana Dimas
again and she has been growing in her faith a lot! She shared a
miracle that she saw through praying for her grandson to get better,
and how her Heavenly Father heard her prays!

Wednesday was really sick. We found two new investigators that are
very humble and have recognized a lack of God in their lives.
Hopefully we can start meeting with them consistently and help them
feel of His love for them! We also were able to have a lesson with
Florencia and we had two members go with! We shared strong testimony
of how God will bless us as we sacrifice to keep his commandments, I
know that it's true! She also shared with us how she has seen prayer
really help her in her. This week her son went on a field trip with
out her and she was able to pray for peace and feel comforted!

Thursday was also a good one.  We found two neighbors who are
extremely nice and let us set up return appointments with them for
next week! We also were able to visit a member who recently got out of
the hospital and share a message with the family. It was super cool,
because the husband is less active and his family are non members.
They were very grateful and I'm sure they felt the spirit!

Friday we were able to find a lot of people we haven't been able to
contact for a while! We weren't able to teach them all, but we got a
bunch of phone numbers and return appointments for next week. Pretty
big steps for them! We also taught another less active family,
although the kids didn't want to join us. Little by little!

Saturday I went on exchanges with Elder Grover, so I got to tide the
bike all day! So much fun in 100 degree weather! Haha actually wasn't
that bad. We had dinner with the Stake President and he shared some
words of wisdom with us, it was so cool. Basically we just gotta love
everyone and then let the Gospel naturally follow! We also were able
to stop and talk to a potential family to teach, in which the father
isn't around. What a comfort it is that we will always have our
Heavenly Father there no matter what!

Sunday we had some disappointments, Florencia didn't come and also the
other investigators who said they would. It's all good, we can't give
up! We had a good day though! We visited two older members that have
been feeling quite sick, Hermano Huezo and Escobar. We were able to
comfort them and just be there, which always makes me feel super good
too! We also were able to finally find Efrain again! I was so pumped!
He is doing good.

Hope everyone has an awesome week! Love you all so much! The mission
is too good, but it's going by so fast 😱

Love,
Elder Folkman
