+++
title = "I Met David Archuleta!"
date = "2017-02-20"
tags = ["Elder Cherry", "Casa Grande"]
banner = "banners/2017_02_20_0.JPG"
+++

It's true, I really met the man, the myth, the legend, David
Archuleta. But I'll talk about that later. This week has been another
aweomse week here in AZ! That's of miracles and awesome experiences!
Let me tell you what happen.

Monday night we had a lesson with a part member family. The parents
are active, the son is less active, and the daughter in law is the non
member. It was crazy though because we walked in on them eating
dinner. Then they fed us some crazy blood sausage, which is literally
just dried blood. Disgusting. She also told us that she doesn't want
to read the Book of Mormon because she already had the Bible, which is
sad. I wish they could understand that it's a blessing to have the
Book of Mormon because it's just more guidance that works with the
Bible. Well get them to read it though haha.

Tuesday we taught the atheist, Eduardo, again. He is coming around
slowly, very slowly haha. He is an awesome guy though and we have
basically become friends. We try to just correct him lovingly and show
him the proof to back it up haha. Then we taught Eucebio who is
awesome. Reading in the Book of Mormon and going to church. I love it!

Wednesday we had to go back to Mesa for another doctors appointment
for old Elder Cherry haha. This time doc said he needs surgery, so we
are going to be doing that next week! It's nothing to be worried
about, he just has some scar tissue in his knee. Then we met the
Montañez family and they are the best! They just moved into out branch
and said we could come by everyday if we want haha. And we get to help
their 8 year old daughter prepare for baptism! Super awesome family!

Thursday I went on exchanges with Elder Bell into his area. He is a
great missionary. It's funny though because he is deaf, but uses a
earpiece to hear. Sometimes he doesn't hear what your saying or just
messes with people haha. It was a great day though, we taught lots of
people including Steve, who was baptized on Saturday! He also bought
me Chipotle so that was clutch. Elder Cherry and Elder Lamborn also
put in work in our area!

Friday we met with a new investigator who is just starting
high-school. It's kind of cool to be able to relate the Gospel to
younger kids who are about to go through what I just finished. I know
the Gospel helped me a ton in high school, hopefully we can help her
have those same standards! I know that as we follow the commandments
it always works out for the best in the end, especially in high school
haha. We also are still teaching Alma, and she is still awesome. It's
been hard though because she can't go to church due to her boyfriend
work schedule. We have faith though!

Saturday was a solid day! In the morning we got to go to Steve's
Baptism and it was great! He is disabled, so it took 4 people to carry
him into the font and a 5th to do the baptism. They did it in two
tries! Not to bad haha. We also taught Eduardo again, and got him
hooked on the Book of Mormon! He was reading it as we left the last
lesson, and he asked us to pray for him! Shows that his faith is
growing! Then we finally got to talk to British again! She lives
forever away, but we decided to go there in faith and she was there!
She wants to be baptized and is super ready!

Sunday is when all the crazy stuff went down. I was just sitting in
sacrament meeting next to our investigator Eucebio and then David
Archuleta walked in out of nowhere! There literally was like 25 people
there in our little Spanish branch, and David decided to drop by.
What's even better is that non of our members even know who he is
haha. He told us that's why he likes going to smaller places like
that. It was awesome though, we talked in Spanish and got pics and
everything! We also reunited with our investigator Fernando and found
out his daughter is a less active member who wants to get back to
church! It was awesome!

All and all a pretty good week, as always! I hope that everyone else
is loving life and making the most of it! Just remember we are all
children of a heavenly father that loves us! Have a great week! Love
and miss you all!