+++
title = "Not Even Hot"
date = "2017-06-19"
tags = ["Elder Toranzo", "Chandler", "District Leader"]
banner = "banners/2017_06_19_0.JPG"
+++

Another week, wow. This one was just as good as the others haha, we
are just living the life. I hope you all are well and enjoyed Father's
day. Thanks to all the fathers, you guys are the best!

Monday night was super cool. We were able to give a blessing to
Hermano Escobar, who was preparing to enter the hospital. I was able
to give it, and it was in English so that was cool! We also
reconnected with a former investigator!

Tuesday we had a solid day! It was Zone Meeting, so that was pretty
good. I especially like zone meetings because I don't have to train
haha, honestly though we learned a lot! We also met with the Dimas
Family again, and they are doing awesome. Hermana Dimas read the
scriptures for 30 min 4 days out of 7 last week, and this week she is
shooting for all 7! We visited a couple other people too

Wednesday was a crazy day haha. In the morning we found a super
faithful lady named Luz, who seems really interested and said we can
come back! The vwe found this figure Trinidad who was very suprised to
see us because he haven't lived there for a year but just recently
moved back haha. There's no such thing as coinsidences. Then we got a
call to go give another blessing to an elderly lady in Mesa. It took
us a while to find her, but she was super grateful so it was all worth
it. The. We went out with the primary Presidency and all 3 lessons
canceled! Classic haha.

Thursday was a good one, I went on exchanges into the all biking area
with Elder Vincent. It's not even that hot out here, wasn't even a big
deal. We had a pretty good day, and we're able to met a lot of the
members. We know that if we can all work together that's when the work
explodes!

Friday was super good! We planned for the week, and then got to have a
couple of lessons. First with a new Catholic family that are very nice
to us, and we are slowly being able to teach. We left them with the
restoration pamphlet do we will see. And we are still helping out
Carlos Ocampo, he is progressing nicely and is loving it! We taught
him all about the priesthood authority being restored!

Saturday was a little strange haha. We stopped by a member who just
went through surgery, and it turned out they were throwing a suprise
party! We were very suprised haha. We also had a few lessons fall
through several we just started trying to find new people. Nobody
really stands out that was cool haha.

Sunday I almost died. After church we decided to try this Habenero
pepper, and it just about killed me. I literally ate 3 ice cubes and
drank half a gallon of milk and my tounge was still burning. We also
were able to find a new family that could have some potential!
We should be able to catch em next week.

So that's about it, I think we should be able to Skype home for
Father's day too, maybe next year haha. Being a missionary is awesome,
the gospel is true! Love you all, have a fantastic week, and stay
cool!

Love,
Elder Folkman
District Pday