+++
title = "Another One"
date = "2017-04-24"
tags = ["Elder Toranzo", "Chandler"]
banner = "banners/2017_04_24_0.jpg"
+++

How is it going everyone! Couldn't think of a good subject line, but
it's all good. This week was super good. We are starting to meet a lot
of new potential families to teach which is amazing! I hope you are
all good and enjoying life!

On Monday night we were able to have a couple of lessons. The first
was with your boi, Jimmy. He is only in 6th grade but he is super cool
and open with us. He also has a huge family so we are trying to get to
know them too! Then we were very blessed to meet a humble man named
Victor. He came up to us as we went to talk to him, shook our hands,
and was down to listen! He loved the new Easter Video and even said he
wants us to share it with his family!

Tuesday was a crazy one haha. We are teaching the Dimas Family now
every Tuesday and they are super friendly and receptive. Just can't
get to church, which is sad. Then we had a pretty odd lesson with some
new investigators, who wanted us to come by and talk about God. The
minute we started talking about Joseph Smith it was like crazy how
much they were closed off, the wife stopped looking at us... It's all
good though cause then we met a new family right after that who we are
now teaching through Facebook!

Wednesday was a good day over all, but we had 3 lessons cancel. It's
all good though. We got to teach Lesly, a very cool new investigator
with a young family, about the restoration! She is very open and
hasn't had much exposed to religion in general so it's fun to be able
to teach her! It's the worst when people already have bad feelings
toward missionaries haha. We are going to go back next Wednesday and
get to share more with Lesly though! We also found some other
potential Wednesdaypeople, but we'll have see if they are cool haha.

Thursday we got that service in in the morning! Seriously I'm like a
pro at sorting clothes now, it's scary haha. They are really an
awesome organization it's so fun to be able to help out! Then we had a
lot of time to find new people. We had some odd experiences haha. One
guy opened the door, just stood there for like 2 minutes and didn't
answer us. Then he says, "I'm not wondering" and shuts the door haha.
We had a bunch of people show up go sports night too!

Fridays highlight was definitely with the Grijalva Family! They are a
middle aged couple that we are working with. They know so much! Just
need to act. I felt the spirit so strong as we testified of the truth
of the Book of Mormon. I know that it's true and I know that any
honest seeker of truth that reads and prays about it can know that for
themselves. And if you already know it's true, that's even more of a
reason to read it every day!

Saturday was way cool. Some odd guy stopped us and told us to open up
to a random spot in the Book of Mormon and explain what it teaches. He
opened up to the war chapters in Alma.... We taught him a little about
the restoration thiugh and got his info! Then we had a guy give us
tacos that we have never seen before! They were super good, and he
listened to a quick message of the Restoration too! That's not it
though, we found another family and taught them the restoration too!
Man, the restoration is just so cool.

Sunday we had a good day too! We had a lot of less actives come, sadly
not too many investigators. The ward is focusing a lot on family
history, which is really important. I'm going to be honest, I
definitely didn't do my share of family history work when I was home
haha. But I would recommend you all try to do some, it's such a
privilege that we have to be able to do be able to help those who have
passed on in the Temple. Gotta take advantage!

That's about it. I hope you all are well, and have a great week. I'm
loving life out here as I get to teach people about God's love for
them! I love you all and miss you! Tell next week!

Love,
Elder Folkman