+++
title = "It's Cold! In AZ!"
date = "2017-12-11"
banner = "banners/2017_12_11_0.JPG"
+++

Hey everyone! What a great week it has been! Hope you all feel the
same! This week we had a ton of awesome experiences and tons of fun!
It was actually cold this week and we got the sweaters out, so that
was insane haha.

Monday night was sick! The zone leaders came down to blitz our area.
We ended up playing some bball with a couple of kids outside and all 5
of us showed up. It was pretty fun and the kids were pretty chill. My
white shirt was kind of stopping my shot, but I still got buckets
haha.

Tuesday we went down to Ajo and all 5 of us blitz the area in two
groups! Before we got there though we had one of the most miraculous
moments of my entire mission! Elder Denton had lost his Tablet so we
pulled over to check for it, because he thought he left it on top of
the car. What happened next is unbelievable, it literally fell off the
car and got stick in between the pedal and the tire of one of the
bikes on the bike rack! The only way to do it justice is to see the
picture. The rest of the day we had some cool experiences too, found
some investigators, had some lessons, all that good stuff!

Wednesday was an interesting day. We went down to Ajo and had a cool
experience. There was this guy on the street that we ended up talking
to for a bit, and he said that two weeks ago he asked God if he was
real and he didn't really get an answer. When we explained we could
have been that answer he got emotional, he didn't want to meet, but I
know we were where we needed to be. Then at night with Bro Adams we
kind of got dropped by Alfonso and his family until after the
holidays. So that kind of sucked, but we still see them pretty often
anyway haha.

Thursday we did tons of service for a less active family! They are
moving unexpectedly so they needed tons of help! It was cool because
they are also going through a hard time in the family so we got to
show that we care and are there for them. #LightTheWorld. We also
taught the Lyman family and they are doing really good!

Friday was Christmas Conference!! So we got together as a mission and
had the day off to celebrate Christmas and all of our hard work. It
started off with some sports and just hanging out, then we had a
formal dinner and did some skits as the different zones of the
mission. Our skit, Maricopa, was pretty good! We did a spoof of "A
Christmas Carol" based on a trunk missionary haha. Hopefully I get the
video some time. It was good to see all the mission friends that I
haven't been able to for a while!

Saturday we had a great day! We had an awesome lesson with a man named
Tito, who is part Mexican and Chinese! We talked to him one time on
the street and he gave us his number and actually responds to texts!!
So hype! He is going to read the Book of Mormon! We also taught a new
couple that are really funny! They have an albino ferret, a little
weird, but also cool haha. They will be going to church next week!

Sunday we had two less actives come that we have been working with!
Ian in Ajo and Ivan in Gila Bend. I was translating the sacrament
meeting for all the Spanish folks, and I also helped Ivan share his
testimony in front of everyone! So I translated from English to
Spanish and Spanish to English haha. So cool!

The Lord loves me! And all of you! The gospel is true! Jesus is the
Christ! Hope you have an awesome week and can find ways to follow
Jesus Christ, especially for Christmas! Love you all!

Love,
Elder Folkman