+++
title = "Blessed"
date = "2017-06-12"
tags = ["Elder Toranzo", "Chandler", "District Leader"]
banner = "banners/2017_06_12_0.JPG"
+++

Another awesome week! It is getting a little warm here in AZ, not too
bad though. We had some super cool experiences this week and we're
super blessed. I hope everyone else is good and is loving life!

Monday night we had an emergency district meeting, it was super weird.
We had to do it because this Tuesday was Zone Conference and Wednesday
was Mission Leadership Council. So yeah that was weird cause we met at
like 8:00pm haha, but it went good!

Tuesday we had Zone Conference! It was super good, mostly focused on
working together with the members! I know that's how we are going to
find the most success in missionary work, but I know it's kind of
hard. How blessed we are to have Heavenly Father there to help us all
out. That night we also taught Hermano Ocampo and the Dimas Family!

Wednesday morning we were able to reconnect with Rueben, a less
active. Everytime we get to teach him he remembers how good it felt
when he was going to church and loving the Gospel, but he still is
struggling. One day! We also got to stop by the new home of Familia
Leandro. We always play with their kids using this little red remote
control car haha. They love it. The house is super nice, they got a
pool and everything.

Thursday I went on exchanges with Elder Steadman into his all biking
area! Needless to say, my butt was feeling it after that haha. We met
some super cool members, with bomb testimonies and crazy conversion
stories. One lady was forced to be baptized by her excommunicated
husband who was crazy haha. Then she actually got a testimony! We also
got In N Out for dinner, always a good thing.

Friday we got to meet with Efrain again! He is really progressing in
life since the first time we saw him! He is going through some hard
things, but he is keeping faith and we can definitely see how it's
blessing him! We also met a new lady named Ana, who is the mother of a
young family. She wants to raise her kids to follow Jesus Christ,
thats literally the best thing to hear as a missionary!

Saturday I was able to give a priesthood blessing to a member who had
entered the Emergency room. It was a cool experience, especially
because of his rapid recovery. They said he would be in there for two
days, but he got our that day and was at the ward activity that night!
We had a few lessons, the coolest was with Laura! She wants to be
baptized and we committed her to pray to know if this is the restored
church in which she should be baptized! I'll keep you updated.

Sunday obviously is always the best day of the week. I always love
being able to take the sacrament and to get pumped for the next week!
I have come to find that the sacrament has a deeper meaning to me, I
really look at it as renewing my commitment to follow Jesus Christ for
that week. We also reconnected with Victor today, he came out with a
bunch of marker on his face from plating with his daughter haha.

Overall another awesome week, I truly feel blessed. I know that our
Heavenly Father loves each an every one of us, and that we have
eternal potential. Never lose sight of who you are! Have a good one,
love you all!

Love,
Elder Folkman