+++
title = "Still in Chandler!"
date = "2017-05-29"
tags = ["Elder Toranzo", "Chandler", "District Leader"]
banner = "banners/2017_05_29_0.JPG"
+++

Yep I'm staying here! Hope you all had an awesome week! Ours was way
cool! Also I got called to be the district leader over 6 other elders,
and I'm super excited! Should definitely be an opportunity to learn
and grow, and be humbled haha.

This week on Monday night we were just going around trying to talk to
people, and then we had a cool experience. We heard a car honk at us
and it turned out to be one of our members and he needed our help
moving another member. Then we checked our phone and it turns out we
had a voice mail telling us to be in that neighborhood at that time
and we didn't even know! Pretty cool that we were able to be in the
right spot and help the ward!

Tuesday was a solid day. We were struggling to get anyone to let us
in, or talk to us haha. Then we knocked one door and some old lady
opened..... She was super nice, but literally said the same thing over
and over and we couldn't stop her haha. We were able to have a lesson
with our investigator Rubi after that though! And we are also helping
a "member" get rebaptized because they lost his records.  His name is
Hermano Ocampo and he is super ready to finally be able to progress in
the Gospel!

Wednesday was exchanges, so all the new people came into the zone. It
was really annoying because our zone lost a car. That means that we
had to pick up all the new elders to go shopping for the week. We were
able to go out with the Relief Society presidency though and introduce
them to a lot of the people we are working with!

Thursday was a crazy day. First, we were just driving down the street
and there was a random dog haha. We stopped and it hoped in haha,
turns out her name is chiqis and we were able to get her back to the
owner! Then, we got a call from Hermano Ocampo and his son was in the
emergency room so we went to give him a blessing. That same day
Hermano Ocampo got interviewed for baptism and he's good to go!

Friday we had weekly planning and I also had another meeting because
I'm district leader, se we were in meetings for a while..  At night
though we Skype Javier again and got to teach the Gospel of Jesus
Christ. It's so cool that now he is enduring to the end and has
already got baptized! He says he has seen many blessings and feels the
influence of the Holy Ghost!

Saturday we had an awesome lesson with a lady named Laura, and she
finally gave us a return appointment! She never does that! Then I got
trained on how to give people Baptismal interviews, pretty awesome
opportunity. Can't wait to do a real one! We also finished off the day
by teaching Florencia, and this lesson she really opened up! She has
noticed that our lessons have helped, and we have decided to just show
her love and support her as she progresses at her pace!

Sunday was the best day of the week! Florencia and her kids came to
church! We taught the youth sure day school class and they all posted
on Facebook about how the Gospel has blessed them, way cool. Then we
taught Elders Quorum too! And we finished off the week with a few more
lessons.

Hope you all have a fantastic week! Life is good, remember that haha.
Love you all!

Love,
Elder Folkman