+++
title = "RIP Elder Toranzo"
date = "2017-07-03"
tags = ["Elder Toranzo", "Chandler", "District Leader"]
banner = "banners/2017_07_03_0.JPG"
+++

What's good everyone! Feels like I just wrote you all yesterday, but
we are back on a normal schedule. These couple of days have been
pretty crazy because my companion is heading home. It's been a solid 3
transfers with Elder Toranzo, I'm going to miss him.

So Wednesday night we didn't have to much time for proselytizing. We
just got a new ward mission leader and we had our first correlation
tonight! We are going to go big this next transfer!

Thursday we took Elder Toranzo up to go with all the departing
missionaries to the temple for the last time, but I had to go back
haha. Today we also had an awesome experience with the Diaz family. We
stopped by kind of randomly, but it turned out that they really needed
us to be there. Hermana Diaz had been having a really rough week, with
the passing of a close friend, and she said we answered her prayers
for comfort. Amazing how the spirit works!

Friday Elder Toranzo had his departing interview with President, and
he's good to go. After that we had a great lesson with Laura, one of
our most progressing investigators. She is going through a lot, and
has full trust in us that we can help, or better put, that the Gospel
will help. I know that as we follow Jesus Christ we will see things
start to work out in out lives!

Saturday was the long awaited Movie Night! We showed "Meet the
Mormons" on the big screen in a church building. It was pretty
awesome, we had a non member family, one of our other investigators,
our recent convert, and a less active youth come! I would definitely
recommend watching the movie it does an awesome job at explaining our
faith and it's free to download!

This Sunday was Elder Toranzo's last day of really being a missionary.
It was a pretty good last day though! The Santillano family had us and
a bunch of other families over to say goodbye. Then we also said
goodbye to our investigators and other families we are working with.
The feels were real haha. I'm excited for the big things Elder Toranzo
is about to do!

You guys are all awesome, always remember that! I hope everyone has an
awesome week, and enjoys the 4th! Just don't do anything stupid haha.
Love you all, talk to you next week!