+++
title = "5"
date = "2018-06-11"
banner = "banners/2018_06_11_0.JPG"
+++

Another great week! How is everyone doing?? Hope life is good! Can’t believe how fast this week went, and it was all good stuff! Learned a lot about ministering this weekend in stake conference! This really is the work of the lord!

Monday night was good! We went to Check in a member that has been really sick, and offered a blessing. We got to talk to his wife, who knows everybody, about people we can stop by as well. Some other stuff fell through, but we were able to set up more things for the week with our investigators!

Tuesday was pretty solid! We had to do some stuff to get things straight for transfers, but also had a good amount of time to pros. We have been trying to reach out to ALL the less activists about stake conference that happened this week. It’s been pretty good, at least just to talk to them! We also had an amazing lesson with Martha about priesthood authority. She is so open with us, which makes teaching her a blast haha.

Wednesday we spent a ton of time picking up the new Elders in Gila Bend and getting them food and what not. Fun stuff! But this transfer should be amazing, we got some solid missionaries out here! We also had time today to teach Nicole and her friend Dylan, they are doing good! And Dylan wants to be baptized as well! too bad he lives in Phoenix haha.

Thursday was a great day! We taught a lesson with a lady from the community that Malin invited named Linda. She was honest about not being interested but it’s always cool when people at least listen. Then we taught another potential investigator named Evelyn about the Book of Mormon, and she is super open to learning! We also taught Desyree and she is on fire! Some hard things have been happening in her life, but she is using that to motivate her not to bring her down! Makes me so happy!! The gospels really is the answer to any hardship or trial!

Friday we got to help a member move in 100000 degree weather haha. It’s always good to serve though! Then we taught Betty about the Plan of Salvation, and she is really connecting the dots finally about how simple Gods Plan is for us! Really good sign! And we also taught Tito about the same plan, he seemed to really understand a lot better this time. Visuals really help!

Saturday was a lot of meetings... and we had to pick up the Elders from Gila Bend because they don’t have the Conference broadcasted there. So that literally took up the whole day, except the morning when we did weekly planning! The stake conference was really good, and focused on ministering. What sticks out most is that we need to follow the spirit and be bold in ministering to others!

Sunday was super cool! Shavonne and Desyree came to church!!! Let’s go! And they enjoyed the conference, plus the food afterwards haha. It’s so cool to see them coming! Shavonne is scheduled to be interviewed for baptism at the begging of next month! Then we had 5 missionaries in ajo and just went crazy converting the world! Haha. I got to go with Malin and Elder Ross and we talked to lots of people and found some potential investigators!

Life is good! This week was really great, and a reminder to me about the importance of going the extra mile! This next week I want to be a little more focused in what I can DO to help others! Love you all!

Love,
Elder Folkman