+++
title = "Peace"
date = "2018-07-10"
banner = "banners/2018_07_10_0.JPG"
+++

Well. Looks like this is it. This is the last email I’ll be sending out as a missionary for the church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints. My mission has been a wild journey! And I’ve loved every minute of it!

This last week was awesome! Betty and Shavonne were both interviewed for their baptisms! Sadly I won’t be able to be here for their special days, but it’s been awesome to work with them for as long as I did! I’ll be leaving Ajo tomorrow and staying in chandler for my last week. We will be going to the Gilbert temple on Thursday with all of the departing missionaries! Then on Monday I will go into the mission home and wait for my plane on Tuesday! Pretty crazy!

I just want to leave you all with my testimony. I KNOW that Jesus Christ is my savior, and the savior and redeemer of the world. He has helped me to do things I never thought I could. I have seen his Atonement change peoples lives. His sacrifice gives us the power to work miracles and overcome trials, and I know that because it’s happened to me. I know that Jesus Christ’s church and priesthood authority have been restored to through a modern prophet, Jospeh Smith. He did, through the power of God, translate another testament of Jesus Christ known as the Book of Mormon. That Book has changed my life. It is the word of God and testifies of his love for each and every single one of us. That truth, that God Loves us, is my testimony. I hope that my actions now and in the future reflect that testimony and that I can be a disciple of Christ! Nothing makes us happier!

Love you all! Without all of you guys I would have never been able to do it! Thanks for your continued prayers and support!

Love,
Elder Folkman 
