+++
title = "Easters!"
date = "2018-04-02"
banner = "banners/2018_04_02_0.JPG"
+++

Happy Easter! What an amazing week it has been! I absolutely loved General Conference and hearing from our new Prophet, President Nelson! There is so much to learn from these modern day servants of the Lord, so I’m happy we can go back and listen again haha. I know that my testimony of Jesus Christ was strengthened, that’s the most important message I got from the conference.

Monday night was exchanges with Elder Callahan and we had quite the lesson with Fernando! He talks a lot! But we finally got it right down to read the Book of Mormon, that our message to the world! If you read it you can know, for yourself, it’s true! It’s freaking true haha.

Tuesday was also with Elder Callahan and we had a good one. We taught Desyree again, maybe I mentioned her before! She is so prepared! We are just going to work hard and help her get baptized, but she wants it for sure. This lesson was great and we focused on the Restoration! We also went and balled out with the youth of Ajo again, and got our name out there.

Wednesday was awesome! We were able to go and see the Mesa Easter Pageant at the temple with the Eacocks and Legges. It was so cool, and helped us all refocus on the Savior. I know that his life is real and he really did suffer for us. What a blessing! It was a great night!

Thursday! Malin day! First we had some conference and were inspired by our Mission President to use technology more effectively! We are going to focus on new ways to get the word out there on FaceBook! Then we taught Desyree again and set a date for her baptism! April 28th! It will be a long road, but she is going to make it. She was supposed to make it to conference but didn’t come out, but next week for sure!

Friday was such a good day! First we helped a member who is moving out, and moved a bunch of sketchy stuff from a shed haha. Then we had a birthday party for Betty! 88 years old! What’s crazy is that she said this was the first time she has ever had a party for her birthday. So crazy. We love her so much though, she is getting real close to baptism!

Saturday was conference and it was way good! Favorite talks were Elder Robbins and President Nelson in Priesthood Session! We also did more service!

Sunday was again super awesome! There was so much good stuff in Conference, and historic changes that are inspired! I’ll share a quote that stick with me from Elder Causse. He said, “Are you active in the Gospel, or busy in the church?” I know that sometimes we fall into routine, but we need to make sure everything we do is with charity! It makes all the difference!

Great week! Christ lives! Enjoy Easter and remember who you are! Children of a loving Heavenly Father!
