+++
title = "¡Crazy Week!"
date = "2018-01-08"
banner = "banners/2018_01_08_0.JPG"
+++

Hey Everyone! This week was absolutely insane! I felt like a chicken with my head cut off haha. That's pretty normal though. It's sufh a blast being able to be out here and tell everyone that Jesus Christ lives. I know he does. Even when it's hard, we can always turn to Him!

So this week started and I was on exchanges in Maricopa, two hours away from my area. I had an awesome exchange with Elder Inchin! Tonight we had an awesome contact with Terrence who was just walking home! He was so interested in the Book of Mormon and how it can bring peace into his life. His catchphrase was "find peace, spread it where it's needed" haha.

Tuesday  was also with Elder Inchin so still out of my area! And we had a good day aswell. It was full of the usual things like District Meeting and studies. And also losing my wallet and other fun experiences haha. I found it though. We had a great lesson with an investigator that had almost been falling off for Elder Inchin and his companion. It was really cool because it was 8:30 and we could have easily said nobody would answer, but we acted in faith! Now they are going to meet with him again!!

Then Wednesday came around, and I had to go up to Tempe for MLC, Mission Leadership Council! So also not in my area! And that lasted about tell dinner. Awesome stuff. Then, we went to Gila Bend and spent the rest of the night with the Elders there for the night! We got to teach Sal again, one of the investigators we were working with before they split the areas. I love that man haha. So that was super fun!

Thursday! We went to Casa Grande for Zone Conference! So again I still haven't been in Ajo this week! It was great and I learned a lot, and we finally got back to little old Ajo about 6! We had a good night, and we're able to teach Arturo! I love him, but it's been a struggle to get him to act. He will do it though! Faith!

Friday was a really fun day! We had some really cool experiences actually and a bomb lesson before dinner. It was with Rhonda, who we kind of lost teach of during the holidays, but she has lots of potential! She has read the whole Book of Mormon! But during the lesson I started feeling really sick... And I ended up getting worse.... Super fun! I won't say much about it, but I literally threw up everything I had. Everything.

So that lasted until Saturday night, I was just trying to sleep and actually get food to stay in my stomach! But we were able to have a lesson Sunday night with Joseph and Martha, they are super cool! It's interesting teaching them because Martha prefers Spanish and Joseph prefers English haha. But the spirit speaks the same in both languages!

Sunday came around and I was feeling great! We had an awesome fst and testimony meeting! Seriously the Ajo Ward is so cool. We went with Malin Lewis and invited some new people to meet with us, had dinner, taught your boi Ian, etc. Pretty busy Sunday!

So life is good! And the Gospel is true! I love this time I have to serve others! You are all awesome! Have an amazing week!

Love,
Elder Folkman