+++
title = "Teaching Celebrities"
date = "2018-04-09"
banner = "banners/2018_04_09_0.JPG"
+++

What’s good everyone!? Anther week in the books. And a good one at that! I’ve definitely come to love the people out here in Ajo! So many blessings are coming to this ward, it’s so cool to see!

Monday night I was on exchanges with my boi Elder Ross! He is serving in Gila Bend and actually trying to get his license on the mission haha. So he was driving and it was a little scary but we lived! That night we talked to a few people, got rejected by a few people, and all that good stuff. It’s the best when they come out and are like “I was just about to get in the shower!” Haha.

Tuesday we had a crazy day with Elder Ross still in Ajo. First we did some service, then we did some service, then after that we did some more service haha. But between all that we taught 3 lessons! Basically why we did all that is because there was a lady who moved out that needed a ton of help! We taught the richest guy in the town named Kord, who literally owns all of the businesses. Scary dude. But we got him to commit to read the Book of Mormon! That’s a cool thing about Ajo, that we literally teach celebrities of the town because Malin knows them all haha.

Wednesday was actually a really slow day, kind of weird. We talked to some people and reached out to less actives. There is a recent convert who told us he still identifies as a Catholic, and said he didn’t learn anything when he was taught by the missionaries! Kind of crazy stuff. Then we finished helping this lady move and almost died from all of the cat hair and dust, but it was fun!

Thursday was sick! We had interviews with President Christensen and that was a positive experience. He is the best, sounds like I might be leaving at the end of this transfer or finishing my mission in Ajo! We did more service too! It was for a foundation called Kaity’s way that help for awareness on abusive relationships. We also had another lesson with Desyree! She is doing really well and super serious about the 28th for her baptism and hopefully her 10 year old Eli! Her “husband” also joined in and was really supportive but not quite ready himself. Malin rolled up in his 18 wheeler for the lesson haha.

Friday we had a lesson with Betty and she is being real stubborn haha. She knows that she needs to be baptized, but just will not commit so we got a little frustrated. She is still doing really well though, reading, praying, and attending church actively. One day! We also got to meet with the Lyman’s! Brother Lyman said a prayer with us out loud!! In all of these 7 months neither of them have ever said a prayer with us! They have made other missionaries literally cry because they will not say prays. But he did!! It was so sick, I got teary eyed. 

Saturday morning we were invited to give the talks for a baptism of one of the youth in our ward. It was cool, lots of family came and some nonmembers. We also helped with Kaity’s way again and hope to be able to stay in contact with all of those people we met there. We also went out and talked to this guy with Malin who would not stop talking. We sat there for like over an hour talking about his motorcycle and the. We finally had to literally just walk away haha. We have been praying with Members to find those that are ready and this guy came to Malin’s mind so hopefully he can go somewhere!

Sunday was so cool! Betty, Desyree, and Eli came to church! Brother Lyman passed the sacrament!!! It was soooo cool! Then we had dinner with the Legges and they have been doing great! We talked about sometimes it’s hard to be a Mormon and stand up for our beliefs, but it’s always worth it. I am so happy that I know the church has been restored so that when it’s hard to choose the right I can always find strength from my Heavenly Father!

Life is good! Gospels true!

Love,
Elder Folkman