+++
title = "I'm Brand New!"
date = "2018-05-28"
banner = "banners/2018_05_28_0.JPG"
+++

What a week! How goes it? Hope you all are well! It’s been another fun one in Ajo. We are just working hard and rolling with the punches. Nothing beats missionary work! Let’s see what happened haha

Monday night we had another lesson with Nicole and Shavonne. We got to talk about the priesthood and how it structures the church. It really is amazing how the Lords church is a church of order! What a blessing.

Tuesday we did lots of service. We helped Shavonne move into her new place. It is amazing to see how grateful she is even though she has next to nothing. Everything is a blessing to her, and we know things are going to get better! We also helped another investigator paint a room, which is always fun! Then we actually went with Malin to teach Shavonne and got her some food that she desperately needs. It feels good to serve!

Wednesday I got to go back to gila Bend on exchanges! My old stopping grounds! It was fun to see some of the people that we found and started teaching that the Elders still work with. Things are going well out there, and the branch is staring to be more self sufficient! The only thing that stinks is having to bike everywhere haha. Fun day!

Thursday! Malin actually didn’t go with us, but it was still good! We had interviews with President Christensen in the afternoon so that took a lot of the day. We were able to have a great lesson with Desyree who has been kind of falling off recently. However, this time we were super clear about what we expected and she recommitted herself to work for baptism! I know god will strengthen her to get there! Got to visit with the Legges as well and they are on fire still!

Friday was an awesome day! We fit to meet up with Nicole to get her reachvor Saturday and teach her the last lesson before she became a member. Then she actually came to a lesson with us and invited Betty to her baptism! It was a good experiences, but Betty has been sick. We also were able to have a lesson with a new investigator named Dustin, who just lost a close friend. We were just friends to him, and he wants to meet in the future! Taught Shavonne too! She is freaking awesome!

Saturday was the baptism! The service went great and many came. When she was baptized she screamed out, “I’m brand new!” It’s so true! So proud of her! One of her friends, Dylan, came to the baptism and loved it. We also taught him a lesson after and he wants to be baptized as well! Super cool!

Sunday Nicole got confirmed and other came to church! We also have Shavonne a blessing and she is so ready to be baptized! It’s crazy, we just have to work out some things first. We also taught a few other new investigators. One kid who had good potential is Mario, he is in a classic Jospeh Smith situation right now! So we hope he prays!

Life is good! It’s such a blessing to have the gospel in our lives, and I know it’s true! Have a good one!