+++
title = "¡Amazing Week!"
date = "2018-02-14"
banner = "banners/2018_02_14_0.JPG"
+++

Happy Valentines Day! Congrats to all those couples out there, keep goin strong haha! This last week was so sick! We are seeing tons of miracles out here in Ajo! Nobody is afraid to talk about the Gospel in this ward, it’s so cool. I’ll give you the highlights!

Monday night I was able to do a Baptismal interview for Kathy in Maricopa! She is so ready to make that covenant with God and be born again! So cool! She has had quite the experience getting to this point, but in Saturday this last week she was baptized! I know that is the gate to get back to our Heavenly Father! It’s been a great blessing in my life.

Tuesday I was still in Maricopa with Elder Inchin, and we had a fire lesson with Jackie. She calls us pastors haha, so I was Pastor Folkman! Pretty legit. We invited her to be baptized and she said, “I already know I need to join the church”! How cool is that! And she came to sacrament this Sunday, which is a huge step in preparing for baptism.

Wednesday I was privileged to participate in the Mission Leadership Council. It was a really solid day, and there are big things coming to the ATM mission. It’s so cool that everyone in the mission has the same purpose and are always trying to live that purpose! So that was basically all of Wednesday. 

Thursday I was finally back in my area! And we had a solid day! We got to go and visit people with Malin so that’s always a blast. Highlight of the day was this art gallery thing where we just met tons of people and handed out our number to them haha. Everyone knows the missionaries out here.

Friday we had an awesome lesson with Rhonda. We have been working with her for a little while now, but we finally had a breakthrough. We found out that she has pretty severe PTSD and Anxiety, and we brought a member who does too. She knows she needs to come to church and get closer to Christ to overcome her trials. Super spiritual lesson.

Saturday we had a really busy day. First we helped some members tear out there carpet. Pretty fun stuff, but I almost died of allergies to the dust haha. Then we had just a ton of appointments, lots with less active members and some investigators. We also found out that Mikhail moved back to Ajo! Maybe some of you will remember but he came to church a lot and is still interested.

Sunday was sooooo good! The church was packed, the fullest I have seen it. I was seriously so awesome to see all these people I have come to love all together. We gave talks too, so I had a good look at all of them haha. We had 3 different members invite there friends to come and we taught them all the restoration! All of them were very impressed with the services. Invite your friends! After church we had a discussion with this man named Fernando from Costa Rica! He asks the most sincere questions and is super interested in learning more! Then after that we taught the Legge family again, and put them in Date for baptism! March 10th! Mark the calendars!

This Monday and Tuesday were solid too. Highlight definitely was meeting your boi, Juan. We have played basketball with him a couple of times, but we finally got to talk to him about religion! He is super prepared! And was basically begging us for a Book of Mormon!

I love my Savior, Jesus Christ. I know that if we come unto him we can have peace. That’s all He wants for us. Stay awesome! Love you all

Love,
Elder Folkman

