+++
title = "The Gospel Blesses Families!"
date = "2018-03-12"
banner = "banners/2018_03_12_0.JPG"
+++

This week was probably one of the best of all time! We are so blessed to be serving here in Ajo, the work is rolling on! This week we had the privilege of watching the Legge family enter the waters of baptism! So excited for them! And other stuff happened too haha.

Monday night was the Baptismal interview for the Legges! Everything went smoothly except the fact that the ZLs were an hour late haha, it’s chill though.

Tuesday! We went up to Maricopa after a lesson with Bishop in the morning. Then, we had district meeting up there and exchanged with the Elders. I went with Elder Lucas! He is a stud, and we had a good night. Lots of meeting new people and neigh awkward talking to people in the street haha. So fun! We talked to some super cool old dude for like an hour and placed a Book of Mormon!

Wednesday was MLC so I made the trek up to Tempe! Things are going so well in the mission! Last month we had 30 baptisms! So exciting, and it looks like it’s just going up! After that we had dinner with the Spitzer family and practiced our musical number with them for sure Sunday. We did “Asombro me da” which is “I Stand All Amazed” in English. I think it went pretty good!

Thursday is always cool because of The Malin Lewis. Who is a baller. We basically just went as hard as we could to invite everyone to the baptism! And the. We had a lesson with the Legges about the goal after baptism, the temple! They are so ready and want to make it there and do work for their family! We are so blessed to have those blessings!

Friday was crazy. Somehow we ended up helping like 4 different people with service haha. First we moved a ton of furniture for the YW who were doing a yard sale, the. We helped Brother Wells move a desk, then we helped Sister Cardenas move some wood, then we helped Shirley paint her new house! It was so crazy, we were out to work today! We also had a lesson with Javier, a less active and prospective elder so that was way cool!

Saturday was super fun! We took Brother Eacock and The Lyman family to the Mesa Visitors center! Both Brother Eacock and Brother Lyman we’re just recently ordained to be priests and are working toward the Melchizedek priesthood! They had such a good time and really want to go back and enter the temple! Plus we got Texas Roadhouse after haha. We also talked a bunch of investigators and invited them to the baptism that night so that was super cool!

Sunday was a day I will not soon forget! The Legges baptism went super smoothly, and they had a lot of support! The. In sacrament meeting they were all confirmed members of the church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints! President Christensen, our mission president, and his wife came down for the baptism too! On top of that, Brother Lyman was ordained to be a priest, after being a less active teacher for over 35 years! Betty and Mikhail also came to church, and are getting close to baptism themselves! It’s hard to explain the joy that I felt today, but I know that all of these people are getting closer to Christ. I can see everyday how that changes them, and makes the happier! That’s what makes everything worth it!

I love this Gospel, and I know it’s true. I wish I could be a missionary forever, and the cool thing is I can! You don’t need a tag to share what you believe is true, what a blessing that is! Love you all! Have an amazing week!

