+++
title = "Staying in Ajo!"
date = "2018-01-29"
banner = "banners/2018_01_29_0.JPG"
+++

Another Transfer down and it looks like I will be staying in Ajo! So sick! Hope you are all good! I am loving life here right next to our friends in Mexico haha. This week was a super good week

Monday night we’re going to go on exchanges like usual, but we ended up switching it haha. So we went back to Ajo and visit the peeps. We had a few appointments cancel, but had one with Brandon Miller. He is doing pretty good and has been coming to church good guy. He legit thinks he is a greaser it’s the funniest thing haha, but we don’t really believe his stories.

Tuesday was solid. We actually got in contact with a less active that everyone has been looking for, and we didn’t even know he lived there! He didn’t let us come in, but said we could come back! His family aren’t members, so it’s pretty cool. Then, we had a lesson with the famous Arturo! He just won’t do anything and it’s so frustrating haha. To finish the night we had a lesson with Martha and Joseph! Martha is definitely feeling the spirit and committed to read the Book of Mormon!

Wednesday we exchanged, and I took Elder Rodriguez to Ajo! We had a crazy day! First, we taught Tito and he is still doing good. We thought he wanted to drop us but when we went over he said he still really wants to learn and be baptized! Then, we had a lesson with Rhonda and Brother Eacock. It was really cool because Rhonda has a problem with getting baptized again, but Brother Eacock has been baptized 3 Times haha. The. We went with Brother Musgrave to two lessons, and he is a little on the crazy side. It was just appointments with less actives so it wasn’t too bad haha.

Thursday we exchanged back and then the zone Leaders came down to Ajo for exchanges! We had a great day with Brother Lewis and them, we were the Mormon squad! Me and Elder Napier got to teach Kyle and he still wants to be baptized! We gave him a rock to put under the pillow so he remembers to pray! Then we balled up at the church with some nonmember youth!

Friday we went out to why with the zone leaders and finished the exchange. With the rest of the day we did some good things! We taught a less active named Jim Bob who is doing so good. He said he wants to be as active as he used to be! Then we taught Kyle the Word of Wisdom, which went okay. He prayed to be able to stop his addiction and we are going to start working really hard with him!

Saturday was also pretty cool. We had a child of record baptism in the morning where we met a few people. Then the rest of the day we just went and found as many people as possible! It was a good day to set lessons with new people, but nothing really exciting happened haha. 

Sunday was super good! We had Jib Bob and a part member family come too! They are going to get baptized for sure! Then we went and visited with Brother Lewis so you already know it was sick. Gave a blessing, taught the gospel, all the good stuff. 

So it’s a good life. Super excited to stay here, but things are coming! Love you all! Seriously this has been the best time of my life. I would encourage everyone to pray and ask for how or who they can share the gospel with!

Love,
Elder Folkman

