+++
title = "Mothers Day!"
date = "2018-05-14"
+++

What an amazing week! It was super fun to see my family the other day! They are the best! Especially my sweet mommy! I don’t have tons of time so this will be short sorry!

Monday we taught our first lesson to Shavonne! She is so golden! And what’s stinking cool is that Nicole, who’s getting baptized the 26th, is helping us teach her! She already accepted baptism too! And we had a lesson with Nicole that night, she is already for her interview.

Tuesday we taught Shavonne again! And she had written out 4 pages of notes on the stuff we left her to read!! We also reconnected with a less active lady who we are going to start helping in her yard and she committed to come to church!

Wednesday we were in Casa Grande with the ZLs for exchanges. The day went really well for me and my boy Elder Denton! Found 4 new investigators! Tons of fun, we even invited the cleaning lady at the stake presidents home, where the elders live, to read the Book of Mormon!

Thursday was zone Conference! Went super well! And then President came to do the interview for Nicole and she passed! It was super cool because we also got to eat dinner with President and Sister Christensen, Malin, and Nicole! So cool! The spirit was definitely there!

Friday was awesome! We have started to film for a little video project about sharing our testimonies! So we got a lot of people to go in front of the camera and talk about why they are members of the church from the ward! It’s going to be such a cool video, so watch out for that!

Saturday we taught Nicole again and set a goal to go to the temple for baptism with her! It will be a great experience and we hope to have here bring names from her own family!

Sunday was great, except there was a little incident with the Eacocks so they couldn’t come to church. But, the Legges gave talks! Jason and Rayetta did such a good job and I was so proud of them! Both if their first times! And I talked to my fam so that’s always good haha!

Life is good. God is good!

Love,
Elder Folkman 