+++
title = "Droppin BOMs"
date = "2018-02-19"
banner = "banners/2018_02_19_0.JPG"
+++

That's right! This week we were dropping BOMs like crazy, Book of Mormon that is haha. Seriously though Ajo is on fire and it's so much fun to he serving here! Some of the greatest people I have ever met!

So Thursday we had a super sick zone conference! And Malin Lewis, our ward mission leader, came and gave a talk! He gave us some pretty legit shootouts and made us look super good in front of the zone haha. We focused a lot on the Book of Mormon! We gotta read it! Members, nonmembers, dogs, cats, everyone!! Then we went and had some more visits with Malin and got rejected a few times haha, still good visits though.

Friday we had a pretty busy day. We visited with lots of less active members and others that the ward was concerned about. Most hype by far is Jim Bob! He is doing so good! We visited with him and he said "I'm going to be active now" so we invited him to go to the Mesa Temple with us and he said he will! So we're going to go soon! Then we got to go to a "Bachelor Party" for Jason Legge!!! Yeah it was so crazy! We ate pizza hut then went home haha.

Saturday was the Legge's wedding! So Jason, our investigator, and Rayetta, less active, got married! One step towards being sealed in the Temple! It was super sick. I know they will be blessed for living the commandments! Right after that we had the most fire lesson of all time with Juan. He is the friend of Elder Lewis, Malin son serving in Idaho. We went over the Book of Mormon and he accepted to prepare for Baptism on March 3!! He is a super humble and cool kid!! We also met with the Lyman and they want to go to the Temple too!

Sunday was solid. Juan was supposed to go to church, but had some stuff come up. Legge's came though! And then we had a lesson with just Jason. Seems like the Word of Wisdom will be a little bit of a problem because he just isn't used to it. Seems like he still wants to go for it, and for sure the kids want to! We also visited with a few members! So pretty solid

Pretty short email, but we didn't have as many days as usuall haha. This next week should be another good one!! I know that Jesus is the Christ and that He lives. How grateful I am that He sacrificed for me.

P.S. Watch out for my album haha

Love,
Elder Folkman


