+++
title = "Changing"
date = "2018-04-30"
banner = "banners/2018_04_30_0.JPG"
+++

Awesome week! How are you all doing? Hope you are good! This week I picked up my new buddy Elder Young and we went hard in Ajo! It’s been really fun. He is awesome and we get along great! Good things are to come!

Monday night we had a lesson with Nicole before Denton left. She accepted to prepare for the 26th of May for her baptism! And it looks like she is going to make it! So we are super excited for that

Tuesday we were kind of just going by and saying goodbye to some peeps. We taught a lesson to a new family named the Greene’s. They are awesome and have two little ones that are super cute haha. Love teaching families, hopefully they will pray about our message! Then we had some tacos with the ward to say goodbye to everyone that came!

Wednesday was a lot of driving haha. I went up to Tempe to pick up my boys and my new companion Elder Young! Our main man Brother Rucker bought us chick fil a! So clutch. The. We got back and got to visit a few peeps. I was mostly introducing Elder Young to the investigators and members!

Thursday Malin wasn’t there :( saddest day of my mission haha. But Elder Young actually ended up getting sick, so it was kind of a rough day for him. He threw up several times, so we just headed home and he turned in early. Sick days happen sometimes I guess!

Friday he was getting a lot better, so we got to do some proselyting! We taught a Desyree and she is doing super good! She is preparing for the 26th too for baptism, and she has done awesome at stopping smoking! Went from about 12 a day to 4! She committed to read the Book of Mormon every time she feels tempted to smoke, I know she will find an added strength! And we taught the Legges and they are doing good!

Saturday we went to the Temple! It was the Legge girls first time so we got to go to be a part of it! They did awesome and were able to perform some baptisms for those that have passed on! Definitely a testimony of the truthfulness of the gospel to see those sacred Ordinances performed for those that can’t do it for themselves. We also found a new investigator named Adria too!

Sunday was okay. Not the best haha. Betty’s car didn’t start :( but Mikhail and some other investigators came! Nicole was out of town so she had an excuse haha. The rest of the night we were going about getting some appointments set up and talking to new people! Good stuff!

Overall a super solid week! Super stoked for this transfer!

Love,
Elder Folkman