+++
title = "Happy Fathers Day!!"
date = "2018-06-18"
banner = "banners/2018_06_18_0.JPG"
+++

Happy Fathers day to all! A day late haha. Can't say enough about my own dad, he is the best! Love you dad! We had a great week! It wasn't as hit this week either because of the monsoons. All this humidity reminds me of Maryland haha.

Monday night we found an awesome last named Bernadette! Cool name! And she asked such good questions, and then least us explain and actually ponders the answer we give! Like for real, that was was cool!! We had a great discussion about the Plan of Salvation and how God just wants us to be happy! We had FHE with the eacocks too!

Tuesday we were pretty busy! And Malin was with us! That's always good. First we taught Betty and got her thinking about her date for baptism, hope she can choose soon! We also taught a new family, the Lopez family. They were very kind l, but kind of closed off because they think it doesn't matter which church we join. That's been a question I have pondered a lot, because it's true that all churches have truth! However, God has always established all truth into one church under a Prophet, and we are blessed to have that today! Met some other peeps too!

Wednesday we had to go up yo Chandler so we did quite a bit of driving! Yea! But we also were able to teach Martha and she cooked us dinner! It was a good lesson and she pinky promise to read the Book of Mormon haha! We also talked to this cool guy named Raymond who had nothing but good things to say about the "Mormons"! He is down to learn more too!

Thursday we had a pretty awesome miracle! You guys might remember Mikhail, who we have been working with for a while. We were able to talk to him today and he said everytime he reads the Book of Mormon he goes back to Moroni 10:4 and it just has stuck in his mind! He knows he needs to pray about it, and he said he will! It was really cool because he scheduled a lesson with us, and it's always been hard to meet with him!! We taught Raymond about the Book of Mormon too and he said he would be willing to go to church!

Friday! We just met a ton of people today! There are a lot of super nice people here that will give us water and chat. It's funny because everybody knows Malin and love him, but are very upfront about not wanting to meet haha. It's crazy that they see how happy Malin and his family are, but don't want to even learn more about why! But God has a plan for each of us, we are just trying to help people be happier!

Saturday we found even more people! One guy, Raul Vega, is super cool! He let us teach him on his doorstep and he was totally into it and wants to share it with his wife. He couldn't believe that we would give him a Book of Mormon, he was so honored to have another testament of Christ! What a blessing it is to be able to learn from the Book of Mormon, and how cool it is that Raul recognized that! That's why we need to read it every day!!

Sunday was good! Betty came to church and a lot of others were busy. Maybe because of father's day and vacations and stuff. Overall though it was really good! We also went and have an interview to Della who the Elders in Gila are teaching! She is ready for her baptism this Saturday! So cool!

Life is good! God is good! I know that this is Jesus Christ's church and this is his gospel! I love it so much! Have an awesome week

Love,
Elder Folkman