+++
title = "Life is Good"
date = "2018-03-05"
banner = "banners/2018_03_05_0.JPG"
+++

Another great week in paradise! We are living life out here in Ajo, it’s been so much fun! It’s kind of sad that transfers are coming up, but we have had quite the run. I hope to stay! Hope you are all loving life too!

Monday night I was on exchanges with the Elders in Gila Bend! Elder Rodriguez and Elder Lopez! We had an interesting night haha. We walked around and got rained on, but we also talked to some cool people. Yeah that’s about it

Tuesday was a full day with the Elders in Gila Bend. We went about the Lords work. We had planned on having a English class for Spanish speakers, but nobody showed up. Sometimes we have trials haha. We were able to set up many lessons with the Elders investigators. The coolest part is being able to testify to complete strangers that God loves us and has restored his church! How cool is that!

Wednesday I was back in Ajo! It was such a busy day. We met with Rhonda Watkins again who has been doing well. She knows that she needs to go to church, but is super afraid of being around people. So we’re going to give her a tour next time! Then we taught Juan again! He is such a baller. We are basically homies with him, it’s so cool. He has been reading from the Book of Mormon and wants to know it’s true! Then we taught the Legges who are set to get baptized this Sunday! We went over the interview process, and just answered questions. Then we met with the Cardenas family and had a fire! Nothing like reading from the Book of Mormon out in the Sonoran Desert by a fire!

Thursday we had interviews with President Christensen so we went up to Maricopa! President is so cool! I love him. It was very uplifting and we were able to receive training from the Zone Leaders. After that we went out with Malin Lewis! We had a really productive night! We met with the Betancourt family which had been really struggling, the father is fighting cancer. We had a very spiritual lesson that left basically everyone in tears and now we are going to start teaching their son Miguel. Who is another friend of Malin Lewis’s son Elder Lewis in Idaho! Super cool!

Friday we had that lesson with Miguel! It was good, but it’s obvious that he is in a tough spot. We focused basically all of the lesson on the Atonement. I know that Christ died so that he could right the wrongs of this life, and everything that is “unfair”. I pray that Miguel can see that. Then we taught Jim Bob again, who has been doing great! He finally said a prayer with us! It’s crazy how far he has come, when I first got here he wouldn’t even open the door! Now he is super active and has a temple recommend! At night, we went to a wedding held at the church for two nonmembers, and it was a great missionary tool to get us out there!

Saturday was also a great day! We taught Betty again, the coolest old lady ever! She accepted baptism, but is still just a little hesitant. She knows it’s true though! She has had basically a lifetime of examples in the church, and it’s so cool that she now sees what all those people had. The Gospel has been restored! Then later that night we taught Mikhail again! Not sure if anyone will remember, but he has moved in and out of Ajo like 3 times haha. He also knows it’s true, but has lots of pressure from his family. We committed him to read and pray to know if the Book of Mormon is true, because if it is there is nothing that can get in out way of following it!

Sunday was great! We expected many at church, but only Betty came. At first it was disappointing, but then I realized that God had a greater plan. When we were in Gospel Principles, we had a lesson basically completely focused around Betty that needed to happen. Sister Cardenas, who normally wouldn’t be in that class, had a prompting to go in anyway and there she met Betty and they hit it off! I know that the Lord needed them to meet! Life is good.

Thanks for everything that you all do! Keep living and loving life! I know that God is our father and that he loves us. That’s everything to me.

Love,
Elder Folkman


