+++
title = "Living Large"
date = "2018-03-26"
banner = "banners/2018_03_26_0.JPG"
+++

What a crazy week it has been! Life is good! I hope that you are all well, and are doing big things! There is so much to do in this big blue world. It's such a blessing to be able to wake up with one purpose - to invite others to come unto Christ! It's the most important and rewarding thing we can do. 

Monday night was a party! We had some members invite us over for steaks and cinnamon rolls :) Then we had a great first discussion with the Lahm family. Many know them in town, they are kind of like celebrities! They call him “The Ajo Bass”. The lesson went well, and they committed to read and pray about the Book of Mormon!

Tuesday was a wild day. It was my boy Elder Denton’s first District Meeting! I felt really bad though because the WiFi kept cutting out haha. It went well though. Throughout the day we were just trying to contact all the peeps, it’s been spring break so things are getting a little weird with peoples schedules. We also had dinner with the Legges, and they are doing great! Jason is preparing for the Priesthood, and the whole family should be able to go to the temple soon!

Wednesday I was up in Maricopa because Elder Denton went up to Tempe. So, I was with my boi Elder Gardner. We did some service for a big community center out there, helping them do some landscaping! When we got back we ate and then went and played some late night ball with all the kids in Ajo! We are basically locals haha.

Thursday was a super sick day! With Malin! We decided to make a cake for a less active who was going through a really hard time, and we got another lesson cfi E family to help us make it! Two birds with one stone. But what was super cool is that we met this lady named Mary who just moved in. She stopped us randomly and basically just wants to come to church hand needs our help, she used to be really involved at church! It was super cool. Today we also taught Betty and the Legge's. Both are doing great!

Friday we did lots of service! We helped a family move and then we helped the Cárdenas family clean up dog poop haha. We had to work for our dinner, and it was worth it. After, we reconnected with this guy Fernando Chavez, who's house is literally a museum. He was good friends with a man who owned a museum and passed away so all the stuff went to him. It's way cool and he gave us a tour! He also has way good questions about the Gospel too, which is also cool!

Saturday we finally had a lesson with Jesse! He is actually the band teacher at the school and a super cool guy, but what we didn't know is that he is a mason! He has such good questions about what we believe and seems super sincere. We got another lesson on Tuesday! That night we talked to this cool Hispanic dude too, but he was not really too interested haha. Hilarious guy though.

Sunday! Always the best day! We had Betty and Mikhail as investigators at church, and lots of other peeps we are working with. Then, Brother Musgrave came back! He is crazy but awesome! Next week he says his friends is going to come and we're going to baptize him! He invited us over to eat with him, Mikhail, and two less actives! We read the Book of Mormon and sang hymns and it was super sick!

I just want to say as well that this week we have seen the power of prayer! We have been dropping lots of people but we just have so many cool people coming out of nowhere! The Lord is in the work! Jesus Christ lives! Have a fantastic week!

