+++
title = "Go"
date = "2018-04-16"
banner = "banners/2018_04_16_0.JPG"
+++

Hey! Long time no see! Seems like we do this very Monday haha. This one was another good week! There are some great people coming closer and closer to the Gospel! So cool to see!

Monday night I hightailed it back to Ajo with my main man Elder Lucas! He is going home in like a week! Yeah! We had a pretty good night and ended up talking to Joseph who just bashed us the whole night haha. He said if we could find a scripture that says it is bad to smoke he would go to church, so we did. He didn’t go to church though :(

Tuesday we taught a couple new peeps. One was this dude named Dustin who is just chillin out in Ajo. He is a good guy, but honestly didn’t seem overly interested mostly just polite. We’ll see though! Then we taught another lady who heard us out then said she only listened because she felt bad for us and wanted to give us water haha. What’s awesome though is even when people aren’t ready right now, teaching them truth prepares them for when they will be! Planting seeds!

Wednesday was a sweet day. We had the most spiritual lesson yet with the Legge family! Like usual, they have been having some trials from being newly baptized. We sat down and everyone bore testimony that they know the gospel is true! Rayetta, the Mom, especially was very open with how she has been feeling, and they committed to keep going! Planning on going to the temple the 28th for baptisms for the dead! Talked to a few other peeps but I don’t really remember haha.

Thursday! Malin day! Today was a really good day! We had a lesson with Desyree who came to church last week and is really serious about being baptized. She committed to try to stop smoking! She said “I hate cigarettes” but she is hard core addicted. It’s really hard to see her so constrained to this habit, but I know that through the Atonement on Jesus Christ she will overcome it and be baptized!! Then we had a lesson with the Farmers who are basically known by everyone in town. They are great people, and agreed to read the Book of Mormon! That would be so huge if they prayed about it. So two solid lessons.

Friday we also went out and had some lessons with Malin. First we gave Desyree some stuff to help her quit and she said she has been smoking less! Then we taught little old Betty again, she is the sweetest. We were sooooo close to committing her to be baptized this Saturday but there is just something holding her back. It will happen soon though!

Saturday we did some of that good old missionary work! Talked to Tito and he committed to come to church... again... but didn’t come. One day! We also taught the Lyman’s, and Brother Lyman is almost done with the Book of Mormon. When we first met them he hadn’t read scriptures in years! It’s so cool!

Sunday was pretty good, but also had it’s bad moments. Tito and Desyree texted and said they wouldn’t make it to church :( Desyree was sick and Tito just didn’t have an excuse haha. But Betty came! And we also met two new investigators that moved in with the Eacocks! And had dinner with the Legges! Spaghetti! Then had an amazing lesson with a less active who had been really struggling, but she committed to start praying again! And to come to church! It was so sick, we were all crying as we thought of Gods love for us, no matter what we have done

God is good! I know that the Gospel has been restored today through a modern day prophet. That’s so cool! Seriously! We have the fullness! Go tell people about it haha. Have an awesome week!

Love,
Elder Folkman