+++
title = "The Book of Mormon"
date = "2018-07-02"
banner = "banners/2018_07_02_0.JPG"
+++

Hey everyone! Been another fantastic week! My only problem is that time is going way too fast!! This week we were super blessed to give out a lot of copies of the Book of Mormon, and it’s so awesome! I know it’s true!

Monday night I was in Gila Bend on exchanges with the Elders there! We had a good night! We ended up actually playing some basketball with a bunch of guys in the park. It’s cool just to be able to be part if the community, so they know we are normal people!

Tuesday I was also in Gila Bend. It was a great day. We had an awesome lesson with my boi Roy, the blind man. You might remember that I used to teach him a while ago when I was in Gila Bend! Then we found a bunch of new people too! One lady really opened up to us about how she needs God in her life because she has been losing a lot of family members. I know that God does have a plan for each of our loved ones who have passed on and we can live with again!

Wednesday we gave out two Book of Mormons! First to a kid who just graduated names Rogelio who is super solid and humble! He recognizes that we need the spirit of god in our life, and there’s no better way to get that then through the Book of Mormon! The second was to a single mother named Carmen who has awesome faith in Christ! And the Book of Mormon can only increase that!

Thursday was a crazy day. We went with Sister Cardenas, a member that I have worked a lot with here, to the temple to seal her grandfather and grandmother together forever!! It was so cool! We did all of his work! That’s why I love the temple! Inside we can unlock the gate I heaven for those that we love who have passed on without the chance to do it for them selves. For example, my companion baptized me in the name of sister Cardenas’s grandfather! So now he can chose to accept that covenant in heaven!! It was an awesome experience to go through all of the ordinances.

Friday we gave out two more Book of Mormon! Two brothers named Julian and Jesse! They also are just graduated and are super humble. For them the Book of Mormon meant a lot because it teaches of the power to seal families together. They lost a younger sister a while back, but we know they can be together again!

Saturday was awesome! We had a follow up lesson with Rogelio and he was super open with us! He committed to be baptized if he knew the Book of Mormon is true. Which it is! But everyone needs to and can find out for themselves that it is! We also taught Tito’s brother Jose who had a great question: which church is true? Another reason why we need to read the Book of Mormon!!

Sunday was solid, but a lot of people were gone haha. So we actually taught primary! That has to be the most demanding calling, mad respect for all the primary teachers out there! Then we gave out another Book of Mormon to our boi Raymond! He has not been to church in a super long time, and has always turned missionaries away until know! Gospels true!

So life is good! I know that the Book of Mormon is the word of God!! Read it and it will bless your life!

Love,
Elder Folkman