+++
title = "2018"
date = "2018-01-01"
banner = "banners/2018_01_01_0.JPG"
+++

Happy New Year!!! Can't believe it's 2018! Hope you all had a great
2017, it was definitely one of the best years of my life! Gospel is
true! We had a pretty crazy week this week but also a pretty awesome
week! We are now living in Ajo! Never thought I would say that in my
life, it's quite the place!

After Christmas and everything we stayed on Maricopa and slept at the
other elders house. Then, we got the necessary food for the week and
had District Meeting! Then we made the trek out to Ajo to move in to
the new house!! It's pretty nice, but it's kind of old. I'll have to
get pics next time. We also had an investigator family feed us
tamales! I freaking love Mexican food! The tamales never end!! So that
was Monday and Tuesday

Wednesday we had a semi normal day! Which is kind of weird honestly
haha. We had dinner with Arturo again, he is still reading the Book of
Mormon, but kind of at a stand still. We still love him a lot though
and have faith! Then we had an awesome lesson with this guy names
Kyle. He is recently coming out of a rough spot and loved meeting with
us to discuss God's plan for him! And he is super interested! We are
so excited for him!

Thursday we had a great day with the legend, Malin Lewis! We went out
to the native reservation and played a little bit of basketball at the
rec center and had a visit with a less active who is the director of
the rec center! It was way fun, and super spiritual. She has a strong
testimony of the Book of Mormon, we hope that it sparks her desire to
get back to church! Then we had another lesson with the Lyman family.
Not sure how much I have talked about them, but they are doing great!
They are returning to activity and even gave us all of their coffee
and liquor to throw out!

Friday we met a few new people and taught Kyle again! The first person
who was cool is Brother Watters. He is kind of old, and lost his
testimony, but we had a great visit and just showed him we cared. We
are going to start to work with him. Then with Kyle we had an awesome
lesson! Straight fire! He prayed with us to know if the Book of Mormon
is true! And said he will be baptized when he knows it is! So sick!!

Saturday we did some service in the morning with an investigator named
Shirley! Then she took us out to lunch, the only problem was that we
drove 15 Min away and the place she wanted to go was closed... So we
took a while to eat haha. Then we saw Brother Watters again! Good
visit! And meet a few new people, still trying to build the teaching
pool!

Sunday we had to be in by 6 so it was a quick day. We had a great day
at church! Then we found some new people with Malin! We set up
actually quite a bit for next week! This week is going to be crazy,
and I'm sure it's going to go just as fast as all the others!

Have a great 2018! Love you all! You are awesome!

Love,
Elder Folkman