+++
title = "Super Bowl"
date = "2018-02-05"
banner = "banners/2018_02_05_0.JPG"
+++

Another amazing week! How is everything going? Hope you are all good! Thanks for being awesome. We had allot of cool experiences this week and are seeing success come from all the work we have put into this area. Life is good.

Monday night we had a good one. Basically most of the night we taught Kyle, who is trying to live the Word of Wisdom. He set a goal to not use for the rest of this week! So it’s been pretty cool to see him want to be better. That’s the beauty of the Gospel!

Tuesday was the last day of the last transfer. It’s pretty cool though because my District is pretty much exactly the same! We just have one new missionary who is starting her mission, so it’s way cool. Then we had a lesson with this awesome guy named Armando. Talk about a crazy childhood. He watched his father pass away when he was super young, and has had so many trials. However, instead of letting those distance him from God he has been able to grow closer to God through his trials! He was really receptive to the Plan of Salvation, and wants to keep learning more.

Wednesday was a crazy day because we had to go pick the new peeps up for transfers, which is a two hour drive both ways! Yeah! But while we were doing that a less  active family texted and said they want to read scriptures with us! Let’s go! So we ate dinner with them and read from the Book of Mormon, so sick. There is such power in the scriptures. I have found great joy in reading them daily, would recommend haha.

Thursday was a solid day, we didn’t have any things to do other than hit the street and spread the word! Best kind of days! We taught Tito! He is definitely progressing and wants the Gospel, he committed to finally come to church. He has some anxieties and things to overcome, but he has been very faithful in reading the Book of Mormon. And he teaches us how to fix cars haha. We also went with Malin today and visited the peeps. We met a firefighter guy who was really chill, but kind of closed off. Good day though!

Friday we decided to visit Arturo again. Some of you might remember him, because we literally have been teaching him for ages haha. Such a great guy, but we have literally tried everything and he just won’t act. This is what I have learned though: Repentance is a good thing! Don’t be afraid to change, that’s what God wants us to do! It’s why we are here!

Saturday we did a ton of service for some reason haha. We helped a less  active named Joh Bob to clean up his home. It’s going to take a lot of work haha. Then we stopped by this guy named Jesus, and he needed us to help him put up some shelves, so we did it! It’s a lot of work to make those things level, for real I had no idea. We also had visits with the Lyman’s and Ian tonight. So we stayed really busy.

Sunday was so sick! The Leggy family came to church for the second week in a row! Then we had a lesson with them, then they fed us dinner. There are 4 nonmembers in the family and they all said yes to baptism! We are super excited for them, and it’s so cool to see that they are so happy learning more. Gospel is true! I know that it is the source of true joy! Oh yeah, also nobody was even watching or cared about the Super Bowl in Ajo haha. 

Stay classy everyone. Time is flying so fast, but it’s so awesome! I couldn’t be more blessed to be a missionary. Have an amazing week! Love you all!

Love,
Elder Folkman


