+++
title = "We Still Out Here!"
date = "2018-03-19"
banner = "banners/2018_03_19_0.JPG"
+++

Hey Everyone! What an amazing week it was! Hope you all can say the same! It’s so cool to be a missionary, we are truly blessed.

Monday night we really didn’t have anything exciting happen haha. We did get to can’t at quite a bit of people and we got some things set up for the week! That’s always good! Pday was chill too

Tuesday we had a busy day. First we taught your boi Tito! He honestly is frustratingus thou cause he is so busy haha. Super chill guy though and he is reading! Then we talked to Juan again!! It was so sick! He is super prepared but he is just a little scared about what others will think especially his family, but we’re getting there. We also taught Betty, the 88 year old! She said “I will be Baptized, I just don’t know when”! So were being patient, but it’s going to happen! We also reconnected with Fernando and Marta and Joseph, I’ll keep you posted if they start progressing!

Wednesday was transfers! But me and Elder Denton are staying! So a lot of time was spent getting the new Elders and Sisters, but it was worth it. The Zone is going to be so hype! We got back and had another lesson with the Legges! They are doing good after the baptism, we are like part of the fam haha.

Thursday is Malin day! So you already know it was sick! First in the morning we had a lesson with Juan again! He knows that what we are teaching is true, but he just said he needs time - because he is coming from a different religion. Still awesome, he is so cool! Then throughout the day we were inviting lots of new people in town that we have met or Malin knows. We ended up chilling with the Ajo Ambulance and eating tacos haha. So pretty sick night!

Friday we had an actually pretty normal day haha. We taught Tito again and he said this week he should be going to church, but he didn’t :( We had an old couple drop us because they were headin back to Pennsylvania, classic “snowbirds”. Then we just went about talking and knocking doors. We met this super cool guy named Benny who is looking to turn his life around, so we’re excited about him!

Saturday we had a full day, with lots of driving. We went up to Maricopa to do a Baptismal interview for the sisters there, which was way cool! Two sisters will be getting baptized! We got back in time to contact a few other people too!

Sunday was a good day as always! Betty continues to come to church and really loves it. She is definitely getting super close! We met this guy who was about to go buy some drugs and get high, but something told him to stop us and talk! So we helped him out and gave him a Book of Mormon! We also had a few scattered lessons, but yeah that's about it!

Super awesome week! Love you all! Stay classy! Gospels true!

Elder Folkman

