+++
title = "Stepdad"
date = "2018-06-25"
banner = "banners/2018_06_25_0.JPG"
+++

Hey everyone! Is was another amazing week! How are you doing? Hope you are well. We are just seeing the work progress little by little here in Ajo! And loving it along the way, so much fun to be out here.

Monday night we were helping out with a service project out in the middle of nowhere haha. So that was the whole night, then we drove up to Maricopa!

So Tuesday we were in Maricopa blitzing the Elders are up there. I was with Elder Callahan on 5e bikes! Not very fun in 100+ degrees, but we still got out there and put in the work. We met a really cool guy named Paul who was really struggling with his faith. They were moving some trash out of a house, and we offered to help! So we got to move some old mattresses out of this house and talk to Paul! He lost his son to cancer and couldn’t believe that a loving god would do that. I know that god does love us, and has a plan for his son and so we got to teach him that!! Hope he continues to learn from missionaries in his area

Wednesday was a great day in Ajo! We taught betty some more! We also met a few new peeps out in the streets! We’ve been taking to lots of people, but it seems like there is just always something keeping them from really listening. It’s hard sometimes to know that you have something so great, and they won’t even sit down and let you share. That just means that there is a miracle waiting to happen! And people waiting to hear somewhere else!

Thursday was some conference which took a large portion of the day. Then, to get out there in the community we attended a religious event at the Baptist Church! Called it “a night at his feet”! It was pretty cool, most of the service was singing. Not what I’m used to, but you can tell those people have great faith! Met lots of cool people!

Friday was a semi normal day! That’s rare, especially this week! It went so good though! We met a new lady who has a young family named Jackie! She was super interested in the Book of Mormon and accepted a copy! The. We met a good friend of Jacob Lewis, a missionary out serving from Ajo, named Julian. He was super open and willing to learn more! We helped Desyree out too and she has been going through a lot, but after our visit she said she had more hope!We also had a bomb lesson with Martha and she is super committed to read the Book of Mormon for real! Miracles, just like I said haha

Saturday! We went with Betty to a baptism in Gila Bend for a lady named Della. I actually taught her husband and her just a little bit. She definitely has come a long way through the Atonement! It was super good expect we had to wait almost 2 hours for the service to stop because she almost backed out. But she came and was baptized and bore her testimony that she knows it was the right decision, no matter what Satan had to say about it! The Book of Mormon was so key in her conversion too, if it’s true it really can change our lives! And I know it is true!

Sunday was solid. Had lots of less actives! And other people we have been visiting! We also got set up to be able to visit with Shavonne, who has moved out to the reservation, so we are excited about that!

Can’t believe how fast time is going! Gotta work harder! Love you all!

Love,
Elder Folkman

Next album cover haha