+++
title = "Blessings!"
date = "2018-01-22"
banner = "banners/2018_01_22_0.JPG"
+++

Hey everyone! This week was another great week! We are seriously having fun down here in Ajo! I can’t believe it but I’ve only got 6 more months out here to go hard! I’m going to try to make it the best 6 Months yet!

This Monday I had an awesome exchange with Elder Lucas! We either got super lucky or we were definitely guided the spirit, cause everyone was opening the door. We seriously set up 3 lessons for Tuesday and other appointments later in the week! It’s awesome when it just works out, feels good haha.

Tuesday we had some of those lessons! We had a really cool experience with a less active, part member family. The grandma hasn’t been to church in tons of years, but she was super nice to us! And she wants us to teach the grandkids! So Maricopa is pumpin!

I don’t have to much time! But the rest of the week was also super cool:

We have been working with a less  active named Brother Musgrave and he literally has come so far in one week! He wants to devote himself to God, and he is finding relief for his chronic pain. Priesthood blessings are real!

We got 3 new investigators! One is a family of 3 with 2 nonmembers! It was so cool, the daughter said, “I need to make some changes in my life” and they agreed to read and pray about the Book of Mormon! The other is a lady named Dee, who reads from the Bible 4 hours a day! She had her doubts about Joseph Smith, but she is going to take it to the Lord, which is all we ask!

So life is good, Gospel is true! Love you all!

Love,
Elder Folkman