+++
title = "Member Missionary Work"
date = "2018-01-15"
+++

Such a sick week this week! We have really been bumping up this area of Ajo, and it’s really all the awesome members putting in work. This week our ward mission leader has set up lessons with 3 different families and many other individuals for us. And all he does is just invite everyone! We can all do it!

Monday I was on exchanges with Elder Lopez! He is my boi from the first area in the mission when we served together in the same ward in Phoenix! Seems like just yesterday. We spent most of the night at Joseph and Martha’s house, who we have been working with pretty consistently. Joseph kind of just asks us crazy questions, but Martha is interested so we still have faith!

Tuesday we had so many miracles! I felt this random impression to visit a former investigator that we have never talked to, but when we went over there I knew why. There was a kid named Chance outside about to leave, but we stopped him and gave him a Book of Mormon! So sick, I know we needed to be there right then. Later that night, we put Kyle on date. We met him a few weeks back, and he says since then he has just felt good, and he knows what we teach us true! He accepted to prepare for the 25th of Feb for his baptism!

Wednesday, we talked to tons of people. One girl was really drunk, and it was 10am... yeah so that was weird. Then we met another old guy who lived in Salt Lake and wants to learn more about the church. He has lived through 2 brain surgeries and open heart surgery! We also had another lesson with the Lyman’s, still doing good!

Thursday is also sick because we go out with President Lewis. We had like 5 lessons scheduled, but a lot of them fell through haha. We did end up being able to invite lots of new people to listen! We honestly didn’t have the best results, but what’s crazy is it still feels good. Seriously out of all the people I have contacted in my mission it’s very rare that people will disrespect your beliefs. And it’s super fun now!

Friday was a better day! We had a lesson with Kyle again, and he wants to go to church! Then we also taught the Milo family a quick message, which was hilarious cause they have little kids. The best part of the day though was ballin out with some kids from Ajo. We basically got in the loop with all the ballers in town, they text us when they want to go play! So we opened up the church and played ball for about an hour and got to know them, way cool.

Saturday also a solid day. We had a few lessons. First with Arturo, and it’s about the same as always... funny guy though haha. Then with Joseph and Martha as well. Today we also set up a lesson with Marlin for Thursday and it was cool because he prayed to know where to go and we had also talked to her the same week! So we are now teaching Dee!

Saturday was super cool! President and Sister Christensen came to Ajo for sacrament meeting! So fun to see them and they gave us 3 trash bags full of bread! Tons of people came to church too, Investigators, less actives and members! Pretty sick!

Life is good, couldn’t ask for anything more. Love you all!

Love,
Elder Folkman