+++
title = "Ajo for another one??"
date = "2018-04-23"
+++

Yes! Staying another transfer in Ajo! The promised land! I’m super excited to be able to stay and keep working with these members and investigators that I love. A lot has been happening! The Lord is hastening his work!

Monday night we went and had a little family home evening with the Spitzer/Legge Families! We did some good old singing and dancing haha. We also had dinner with Arturo! Carne Asada!

Tuesday was great! We had yet another lesson with Betty! She is the driest Mormon I have ever know! Kind of frustrating haha., but we love her. She will be baptized one day, but right now just can’t pull the trigger. Then we had a lesson with a potential investigator named Ed. Funny guy. But man that guy can talk! He wasn’t as open as we thought he would be, he feels like he basically has already made it. But agreed to read and pray about the Book of Mormon! That’s all we ask! Then we met Nicole and Jordan!

Wednesday we had a great lesson with Desyree! We made a new Baptismal goal for the 26th of May and then planned out some goals for her to quit smoking! She used to smoke 12 a day and has already dropped to 4! She said the things that help most is “Prayers to my Lord”! We also taught Nicole and Jordan tonight! Nicole is the niece of a member and has moved in with them kind of to get back on her feet. Jordan is kind of just her friend along for the ride. They both want to make changes in their lives and are taking the lessons!

Thursday! We met with Betty again before her friend Barbara goes back to Utah for the summer. We were very bold with her but she is persistent! So close though! We taught Nicole and Jordan again with Malin! Jordan said he was atheist the first time we met its him, but today we went back and he said he believes in God! Last lesson he realized that God has been answering his prays and he was even shaking! They both accepted to be Baptized!!!

Friday was great! We are trying to set up a cool video idea where we are asking why people they are Mormon! So we are going to put together a video compilation of all the Converts in Ajo! It helped us already reach out to a less active. When we went by she was going through a lot, but we were able to pray and help her rack dog poop! Not glorious, but she really needed it! Feels good to serve! Then we had dinner and everyone is just assuming we are going to leave do they got us presents haha. That night we drove up to Casa Grande too.

Saturday was exchanges in CG. Me and Elder Wright had a good day. We had a pretty funny moment in some apartments. We knocked one door twice and nobody answered so we went to the next, then all of the sudden both doors opened up at the same time right across from each other haha. So we both just took one and they both shut the door real quick haha. We busted out laughing after. So yeah, great exchange!

Sunday Nicole and Betty came, but Desyree couldn’t. We actually taught Nicole and her other friend after church too! They are doing good, but have a lot to overcome. We also had dinner and a lesson with the Legges! They should be going to the temple on Saturday for baptisms for the dead!

Another one in Ajo! Let’s go! Gospels true! He hears our prayers and love us!

Love,
Elder Folkman