+++
title = "¡Milagros!"
date = "2018-02-26"
banner = "banners/2018_02_26_0.JPG"
+++

Hey Everyone! It’s a great day! I hope you all had a good week. I know I did! It’s really crazy how fast time is flying by, I’m loving being out here in Ajo! We had lots of cool experiences this week.

Monday night we spent the night in Gila Bend, my old stomping grounds. There is a trio of missionaries there now, so we split off into two groups. We had a freaking miracle door knock! I just felt out of knowhere to knock it, and come to find out the wife of the family is a less active member. Just the night before they were taking about having the missionaries come over, and they want to go to church! So pretty much the father is going to start investigating and they are coming back!

Tuesday was great! We actually headed over to casa grande to exchange with the Zone Leaders, Elder Scott and Napier. I was with Elder Scott and we had a few pretty cool contacts. One kid was a college athlete that Elder Scott actually knew of a year ago, but never got to talk to him! And we met another girl who was just walking to her car but said she would meet with us! Then we went home and had dinner in Ajo with the Cardenas family that night. They are awesome and coming back strong into the church.

Wednesday we were back in Ajo! We had an awesome experience with Technology! So, Malin Lewis, our ward mission leader, has a son on a mission in Idaho. We ended up contacting and starting to teach Elder Lewis’s best friend in Ajo, so we Skyped him in for a lesson! It was way cool. Elder Lewis said afterwards that he has never seen Juan, his friend, like that before. The spirit is so cool!

Thursday we had another baller day. The Legges are doing great, they are on track to get baptized in the 10th of March! Super cool. We taught them the 10 Commandments and it was super fun, we used some hand signals to help them remember that are pretty funny. The kids especially love number 5, Honor thy father and mother haha. We also picked up a new investigator named Betty! She is 88! She is literally the sweetest old lady I have ever met haha. And she is serious about investigating the church!

Friday was pretty good. The most awesome thing ever is that Jim Bob, a less active we have been working with, got his temple recommend! He is so sick! It’s amazing to have seen the Atonement work in his life and give him the strength to overcome those things that held him back. He has struggled specifically with things such as depression and PTSD but I know that the Savior also suffered for those things. He can lift us through all things. 

Saturday we were super busy! We had six lessons planned! We taught Betty again with the Bishop and she for sure is understanding that she can know through the Hoky Ghost that the church is true! Everyone can know, because God loves us! Then we met with the Lyman’s again and they are doing sooo good! Sister Lyman has finished reading the Book of Mormon and Brother Lyman met with the Bishop to start working on advancing in the priesthood. They haven’t been active basically ever, but now they are fire! Love them

Sunday was the best day, as usual. First off, I was able to partake of the sacrament. It’s cleansing power is real, it is why we come every Sunday. I love how Gods Plan is so perfect for us and he gives us these Ordinances to bless us. At church we had 7 investigators! The Legge family, Betty, Mikhail, and Carlos. Nothing feels better than that haha. We also taught the Legges again and they are all ready for the interview! March 10th baby!

Life is good. There is nothing of greater worth than following Christ. Love you all! Have an AWESOME week!

Love,
Elder Folkman


