+++
title = "RIP Mesa Temple"
date = "2018-05-21"
banner = "banners/2018_05_21_0.JPG"
+++

Another one! Been a good week! We are super blessed to be serving out here in Ajo, and we’re having tons of fun. Super excited for this next Saturday for Nicole’s baptism! And there are several others we’ve started to work with!

Monday and Tuesday I was in Maricopa with my boy Elder Callahan! It was pretty sick! We got to find lots of cool people that the Elders should be able to work with more! One lady is moving into the ward with her less active daughter, and wants to help her grandchildren be baptized! That will be awesome! It’s so crazy what one good influence can do for the family.

Wednesday I got back to good old Ajo! We got to meet a couple new people by being out and about. What’s cool is when we meet people there is always a member that knows them! So we already can have a good person to go to to help them! Having a support is so crucial when learning about the gospel, that’s why it’s best when members refer people to the missionaries!

Thursday was a good day, but Malin didn’t come with us :( We met a new guy named victor who is super chill. He has been really good about staying in touch with us and he accepted a Book of Mormon super willingly! Then that night we had a lesson with Shavonne and Nicole! Shavonne is doing super good and is super humble! It’s crazy how the gospel has been changing her and helping her with the trials she is going through. It’s true!

Friday we had an awesome day at the Mesa Visitor Center with Shavonne and Nicole! It will be shutting down for about 2 years for renovation so it was good to go before that! It was so cool, they both cried as they saw Christ’s statue and heard from the scriptures his love for them. It’s there time to be happy now! They have both been through so much, but now they have hope for the future! Then we got to help a family move!

Saturday we taught Betty again. She is frustrating me haha. It looking like we might have to stop her and just wait until she says she wants to be baptized! She is so stubborn but so sweet, her time will come. We also talked to a few other new peeps. And had another lesson with Nicole and the Eacocks at night. She is all set for the 26th and were inviting tons of people! Going to be super cool.

Sunday Nicole, Shavonne, Betty, and Mikhail all showed up which was solid. Mikhail was gone all week in Virginia, but it was cool he still came out for church. It was just an overall great Sabbath and the spirit really was string at church! 3 of Malin’s daughters spoke and then he finished off the meeting! Got to teach Shavonne and Nicole tighter again about the 10 Commandments! Always a fun lesson!

There is miracles all around us! This next week should be super good! But aren’t they all? Hope you all have a good one! Remember to keep smiling!

Love,
Elder Folkman