+++
title = "Last transfer! Ajo for life!!"
date = "2018-06-04"
+++

Hi world! Life is great! How are y’all? Hope you are well. Sorry for the short email this time, but we really did have a great week! Here is the highlights!

Shavonne is on fire! Like for real! We have quick lessons with her like everyday and she is living all the Commandments. This is her 3rd week in a row at church! She is already in 2nd Nephi! So she is doing awesome!

We had an amazing lesson with a potential investigator named Adria! She told us that her pastor told her not to listen to us, but we said no way to that! It was awesome! We just turned to our testimonies of the Book of Mormon and she realized that she can receive her own revelation from God. She is going to read and pray about it, and that’s all we ask anyone!

Betty is getting closer to baptism too! She is the 88 year old lady that is stubborn! But we got her to commit to actually think about when she wants to be baptized, instead of just having it as a goal way out there! So we are really happy about that!

We finally put together the video with everyone’s testimonies in the ward too and it’s so sick! Check it out here! https://www.facebook.com/malin.lewis/posts/10215998003441291

Then Sunday we had 4 investigators at church! Mikhail, Marta, Shavonne, and Betty! It’s so cool to see lots of new people coming! Marta is an investigator we have been working with for a while and she finally came! I was so happy! What’s also cool is the members see them coming and know that we are here to work so we have their trust! The work of the lord goes forth!

Love you all! Have an amazing week! Oh yeah and I’m staying in Ajo to finish off the mission! It’s going to be awesome, and I’m going to give it all I’ve got!