+++
title = "10"
date = "2018-05-07"
+++

Another day, another dollar! What a week it has been! Hope all is well with y’all! Gotta keep things brief this time so let’s go!

Monday night we had another lesson with Nicole! She is doing great in preparing for her baptism on the 26th! She seriously is “golden” she already has a super story testimony! It also been awesome to see how the Eacocks have been helping her so much and changing themselves!

Tuesday we did some good old service! First we helped the Cardenas move, then we had District Meeting over Skype, then went and helped the Eacocks move! We are seriously about to be full time movers haha, so many people taking off for the summer and what not. We had two good lessons with the Greens and Marta as well! The Greens definitely felt the spirit! Marta was basically yelling at me about the Bible but I handled it well haha and Elder Young had no idea what was going on cause it was all in Spanish! Classic!

Wednesday we taught Betty again, but sadly she is basically in the same boat. She knows it’s true, but just needs to act in faith and be baptized! Any day now! Then we taught Nicole again! She is almost done all the lessons and is eating it all up! Seriously she can’t get enough of the Gospel it’s so fun to teach her! May 26!

Thursday we had a solid day! We got to go out on Visits with Malin for most of the day, and saw lots of good people! One really coo, lesson was with Kady Yon, Tito’s daughter. We have met her before, but Malin finally asked her to have us teach her in the circle K and she said yes! It’s really that easy! So I’ll keep you updated on how she does, but she seems pretty interested!

Friday was another good one! We taught my good friend Brandon who was baptized a while back, but has some issues. He just needs somebody to talk to really, and he does not stop talking... ha. Then we saw Desyree! She is still kicking and trying to get off cigarettes! Then we taught Nicole’s friend, Dylan! She is already inviting others to learn, and he is actually super interested too! Coolest part is when Nicole bore testimony that the Book of Mormon is true! They are both so cool!

Saturday we went out with Malin again! We were supposed to meet up with Kady but she went out of town. We did talk to Jesse Green, and he has been reading more from the pamphlets which is a good sign! We also met with the Legges again! They are almost done with the new member discussions, and doing great! Haven’t missed a week of church yet!

Sunday was super good! Nicole, Dylan, Betty, Mikhail, and Jon Camron all came to church and are all investigators! It was so cool too see them all there! Then we had a really solid lesson with a less active couple that are 90 and 88 who are still working! And the crazy thing is they are super rich! They agreed to read the Book of Mormon daily! There is not many things more important than that! And we met an awesome referral that wants to go to church next week!

All and all a great week! I love this work! Gospel is true!

Love,
Elder Folkman